index	gold	prediction	correct	text
[0]	pos	pos	yes	, as the gay neighbor , seems to have a slightly underwritten role , he's more of a plot convience than a character . although his performance is good , his character just seems to exist to help melvin and carol come together . in fact , the scene stealer is simon's dog , who is funnier than nicholson . but then again , pets are always cute on screen . providing solid support is cuba gooding , jnr ( jerry maguire , 1996 ) and yeardly smith ( who is the voice of lisa simpsons in the simpsons ) although gooding isn't as good as is character in maguire , he is still fun . he overacts a little , but not so much as to be annoying . smith is also good , although she has a fairly small role . even director lawrence kasdan ( body heat , 1981 ) makes an appearance as a doctor . but this is primarily nicholsons film , and every scene he's in , he's steals it . he's character is so hateful , though , it's amazing that anyone talks to him at all , especially carol . and this is the films main problem . it's totally unbelievable that carol would ever consider liking melvin . she doesn't fall in love with him naturally , the film forces her to fall in love with him . also , melvins character seems to go too nice , too quickly . i would doubt anyone with a character like melvins would be able to turn back to a nice , loving person . it would take a helluva long time , much longer than this film would like to make out . brooks direction is good , though , if a bit average , but he usually manages to get an emotion out of the audience . he handles the comedy scenes better than the sentimental ones ( he tends to pile on to much schmaltz ) but generally he's good . there's also a nice soundtrack by veteran composer hans zimmer . but , generally , as good as it gets achieves what it sets out to do , which is to make the audience feel good by the end of the movie . the movie is a bit overlong , but nicholson is such good fun that the running time passes by pretty quickly . overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing ( if just for jack nicholsons performance . ) not quite as good as it gets ( pardon the bad joke ) , but still good fun .
[1]	pos	pos	yes	the inside of the apartment she shares with jeffrey . the two of them are immediately attracted to one another , and it doesn't take long before they're lounging together , naked , in her pool . meanwhile , jeffrey , who is captivated by older women , runs into phyllis in a hotel bar , is smitten , and invites her to accompany him on a weekend retreat to the mountains . the romantic couplings of the characters are interesting in that they illustrate the multiple faces of love . sex means something different to everyone ? to jeffrey , it's an unpleasant chore , a loss of control ; to marianne , it's a means to a maternal end ; to lucky , it's an enjoyable distraction that blocks out his marital troubles ; and to phyllis , it's a method of establishing or denying emotional closeness . ultimately , none of these characters appears to love anyone else as much as they love themselves . the greatest strength of the film lies not in the script , but in the performances . jonny lee miller is perfect as the selfish , callous , suit-and-tie businessman . those who recall him as sickboy in trainspotting will find that he is almost unrecognizable here as the image of conformity . lara flynn boyle , who wasn't impressive in rudolph's equinox , is greatly improved , making marianne a jumble of sexiness and vulnerability . nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph's most pregnant lines with practiced ease . the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious as the world-weary phyllis . her often wry , occasionally cutting asides are the source of much of the film's humor , and there's hardly ever a moment when she doesn't steal the spotlight from her co-stars . i don't know if afterglow is the film to convert rudolph- detractors , but it seems that this movie is a little more accessible than some of the director's earlier productions . enough of his trademark style remains , however , to reassure his supporters . afterglow is basically a four-pronged character study . the plot is not especially compelling , but the character interaction is , and that's the real reason to see this motion picture . rudolph has painted an able picture of the non-romantic side of love -- the one that has more to do with tolerance and familiarity than with affection and attraction .
[2]	pos	pos	yes	s . marshall who is an expert in hunting fugitives . from the moment he appears we know a huge game of cat and mouse is about to occur . kimble and gerard are equally matched as there is no way to tell how one is going to outsmart the other . most of the film deals with richard's complex investigation as he tries to find the one-armed man who killed his wife . ford does not have a lot of lines here , so it is stuart and twohy's script and davis's outstanding direction that make the film as great as it is . just watching richard use his keen intelligence and wits , disguising himself , and doing his own detective work is very interesting . we know just as little as he does as to why his wife was killed , so as he learns more so do we . meanwhile gerard and his staff are using all their skills to hunt him down . at one point they run into each other and a great chase ensues , but richard is just too smart for them . he leaves clues for gerard to show his innocence and to help him solve the mystery . one of the greatest charms to the film is its sense of humor . there is a great sense of comradeship between gerard and his two closest deputies cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and biggs ( roebuck ) . they are trying to catch what they believe to be a dangerous murderer , yet they constantly start up small talk with each other , making funny wisecracks and one-liners , but not in any kind of distracting manner . the final act concludes with another terrific chase . richard figures out who the killer is and confronts him , and although we get a typical fight scene , the case is far from solved . the man who ordered the murder has been under our nose all along , and we don't realize this until the end when both richard and gerard put the pieces together . maybe the finally scene is a bit much , but it still has a believable atmosphere to it . we're so relieved when justice is served . it's not the plot is that makes " the fugitive " great , it's all the motions the characters go through to make for an intriguing story . watching a seemingly average man go through as much as this is what makes the movie so adventurous . if only hollywood could produce more movies like this . ( 10/31/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [see also : " nick of time " ]
[3]	pos	pos	yes	. and if anyone making this film expected us to , like , feel suspense or something while watching the wedding singer , then they truly underestimated their audience . what makes the story bearable , aside from the terrific costumes and 80s music , are the performances . barrymore is simply adorable here ( i've never seen her look so close to the way she did in et ) . not only is she pleasant to look at , but her acting job here really is a good one--and it doesn't hurt that the character is likable and adequately well-written . and the jerk , played in full-force by graves , is just as despicable as any villain in any romantic comedy i've ever seen . naturally , the true star here is sandler . i think the guy is flat-out hilarious . he can say something that just isn't funny , and his delivery makes me laugh . his comedic performance here equals that of happy gilmore , but in this film he goes much further and proves to me that he can , indeed , hold his own as a leading man in a romantic comedy . whereas his roles in his previous films kind of had sandler playing sandler , the wedding singer gives him a character that , for the first time , he actually has to fit into . as far as i'm concerned he succeeded , and this film is testimony that he does , in fact , have some range in his talents . and the movie is just so funny . perhaps the best moment is when he sings a song for julia that he claims is a little uneven because he began writing it while in a good mood and finished it after his fianc ? e abandoned him . this is the part that literally had me groping for a breath of air . and while the film , like all romantic comedies , takes a hiatus from laughs towards the end because the plot has to finish up , there are more than enough truly hilarious moments in the first hour that make up for any slumps in progress during the second half . my formal complaints for the wedding singer aren't very important . the film is predicable , but who cares ? the characters are extremely likable , the movie is ridiculously funny , and the experience is simply enjoyable . in addition to this , i can't imagine anyone seeing the preview and not wanting to see the film . in that order , i conclude that it is pointless for me to even have written this review . i just want everyone to know that i laughed . a lot .
[4]	pos	pos	yes	problem is that the mummy wants to revive his mistress , using evelyn as a sacrifice . . . walking in with relatively low expectations , i thought this movie was actually pretty good . the visuals and cgi are astounding , and obviously not cheaply done at all . they pack a ton of detail into the images , especially during scenes involving mummies rendered completely by cgi . the computer special effects makes for some brilliant scenes , such as unnerving moments involving flesh-eating scarab beetles and moments where the mummy goes after the people who freed him ( after all , those who took his artifacts are cursed ) . unfortunately , the film attempts to be way too much in such a short span of time , becoming a tug of war for control between genres . on one hand , it is a fast paced action film . on the other , it's a frightening horror film . and on the side , it's a hilarious comedy . ideally , for it to be successful , the film would have to focus on one the more action oriented aspect , with one character serving as the comic relief ( that would be johnson ) . the problem with this film is that it has at least three characters serving as comic relief , with rick occasionally delivering his witty one-liner . if they were trying to make a horror-action-comedy , it would have helped if it were established early on in the film , but unfortunately , with the backstory of imhotep's entombment , that would be impossible . and then there's the slapstick fight scene between a sword-wielding rick and an army of mummies . while really well done , it had the feel of slapstick comedy . replace the sword with a chainsaw and you'd effectively have ash fighting zombies in army of darkness . while entertaining and funny , it feels really out of place . but at least it's a break from the naive heroes that brendan fraser has been playing a lot of . on the whole , the movie is pure popcorn fare from beginning to end , entertaining the audience . but i must end my review with a plea to movie theatre owners . . . turn the sound down ! while a lot of theatres have good sound systems , my ears were almost ringing as i walked out of the theatre ( the sound is particularly irritating and will make you crap your pants if you're not careful ) . when they were showing the trailer for the upcoming schwarzenegger film , " end of days " , it was so loud i couldn't make anything out .
[5]	pos	pos	yes	implausible by the time the end credits have rolled . helpfully , in the end we do learn that the bizarre flashbacks of personal humiliation and murder that have permeated the film belonged to neal all along . but there too is a problem , as the explanations offered for his motivations are psychologically fuzzy to say the least . the story owes us a better understanding of franciosa's mind , his concealed madness and his sudden murderous rampage . tenebrae is also marred by annoying little inconsistencies . for instance , a teenage boy and girl leave a hotel room and minutes later we see the girl riding off on the back of a motorbike . we would assume the rider is the same boy , but it turns out to be some male character we aren't even introduced too ! that's careless filmmaking , pure and simple . why , you may ask , do i go on about the story's flaws ? because when it comes to visuals and set pieces , argento is one of the most exciting filmmakers in the world . take one of the extended scenes in tenebrae . an upset girl wandering the streets at night needlessly taunts a guard dog to the point where - almost unbelievably - it jumps a high fence and chases her across town . finally , as she desperately seeks escape from this crazed canine , she accidentally stumbles on the serial killer's lair . it's an absolutely masterful sequence , tense and exciting , and communicating a wealth of information through visuals alone . and that's exactly the kind of thing that makes the flaws so frustrating . too often , it seems , argento's films as a whole are less than the sum of their impressive parts . mind you , if you love murder mysteries then tenebrae is still worth a look . and if you're a fan of argento's unique style of giallo thriller then it's essential . see the uncut widescreen version if you can and drink in some of the wonderful cinematography by luciano tovoli . it's a stylish , great-looking and quirky film despite the problem narrative . a shame , because it doesn't have to be that way . take argento's more recent stendhal syndrome ( 1992 ) , where with the aid of co-writer franco ferrini he fashioned a solid storyline without sacrificing any of his surreal weirdness or visual panache . proof that he can do it , if he tries . . .
[6]	pos	pos	yes	persona and stature alienates her . he is visibly shaken by her rejection even though she says that she loves him . his demeanor also puts his relationship with a local townsgirl ( sissy spacek ) at risk . she tries to remain true to him and supportive , but for women unlucky enough to attach themselves to this kind of person , relationships will ultimately end like sentences ending with an exclamation point . finally , he is spiteful and vindictive . as a rejected father , he initiates a custody battle that seems hopeless . as the town's only police officer , he issues a speeding ticket to a man whose father has just died . we can see that this is a man that is both afflicted and living with pain . he is a prisoner and a slave to it . he is moving towards a level of madness and insanity that defies comprehension . what kind of force can move a man to the edge of his emotions and beyond the reach of people who genuinely care for him ? we learn that the answer is his father ( james coburn ) . this is the kind of father that every son would be ashamed to have and that any woman would be afraid to meet . he is an overbearingly misogynistic and frequent drunk who rules with an iron fist . we see his tyrannical behavior through flashbacks . to heighten the father's churlishness , the flashbacks are shown as home video footage taken by a very frightened person . very effective . today , wade's dad is quite elderly , but still manages to instill fear into a grown man . the influence that the father possesses is inescapable , and its unsavory effect clamps down hard on the tortured wade . the result is every son's nightmare ? becoming like the father that one has always dreaded to be . this is a terrifically presented piece of psychological drama , and nolte turns in a strong performance as a man whose pain seems to become a detriment as well as a necessity . he's a hulking person who is still reduced to whimpers when in the presence of his father . coburn displays heft as the bitter dad . but , it's most certainly not saturday-night-friendly fare . there's nothing light or fluffy about this film . that may turn many moviegoers away . but it's certainly worth noting that this is a well-acted drama showcasing nolte's and coburn's raw acting talents .
[7]	pos	pos	yes	vision last week . why should i see it again ? ' `no evil dead ii is different , it's funny . ' `it's funny to see people die ? are you sick or something ? ' maybe i am and maybe director sam raimi is as well to create such an enigma of a movie . his unique execution is as sarcastic as subtle , as disturbing as it is hilarious . an example of raimi's odd approach : a monster ( formerly protagonist ash's girlfriend of all people ) is cut in half by a chainsaw and a tidal wave of blood comes from the open wound . sure it's over-the-top , but it is so over-the-top that it is laugh out loud funny ; just try watching ash with a straight face as he unexpectedly is showered with ten gallons of blood , staining his face and knocking him back a few feet . the whole movie is like this , watch ash get beat up , watch ash defeat the monster , watch ash get beat up again by another even zanier monster . the more repetitive and unrealistic the movie gets , the more amusing it becomes . no matter how sick it may sound , it is funny to watch bruce ampbell's ash get his butt kicked every five minutes . and raimi takes advantage , he has ash tormented by the head of his girlfriend , by the body of an old lady , even by his own right hand . like the less superior idle hands , we watch ash uncontrollably hit himself over and over again until he is forced to cut off his own body part . but it doesn't end , ash now has to fight his severed hand which now moves with the same celerity as thing from the addams family . all of these events , thrown at you from minute one with roller coaster- like camera movements , at first become shocking , then inexplicably funny . raimi expects the audience to laugh and as the film progresses , he seems to be enjoying himself even more by borrowing the classic mirror scene from the marx brothers' duck soup , then bringing more characters into the picture to comically kill them off . with a running time of less than an hour and a half , raimi gets away with the impossible , making a horror film with more gore than plot and intentionally more laughs than scares . ending evil dead ii with an opening for the third film in the series , raimi obviously had a lot of fun making this movie and couldn't wait to make it's sequel .
[8]	pos	pos	yes	it's rather strange too have two computer animated talking ant movies come out in a single year , but that is what disney and pixar animation ; s latest film represents . while a bugs life isn't nearly as deep as it's predecessor , dreamwork's antz , it is just as funny . a bug's life centers , appropriately , around the life of an ant , named flik . flik , cutely voiced by newsradio's david foley , hates sticking too tradition and attempts too find new ways of harvesting food and other task . when one of his inventions causes the offering too be completely lost , the leaders of the colony send him out on a mission too get him out of the way . the offering is food that a vile group of grasshoppers force the ants too harvest for them . the leader of the grasshoppers is hopper , who is fiendishly voiced by oscar winner kevin spacey . when the offering is lost hopper is very upset and he vows to return shortly too retrieve double the amount of food . when the leaders of the ant colony send flik out on his mission , they never dream he will be successful , they just hope they can get him out of the way so they can harvest the extra food . flik's mission is too hire some warrior bugs too fight off the grasshoppers when they return . instead flik accidentally hires circus performing bugs , who he mistakenly assumes are warriors . when he returns with the `warriors' , the town is ecstatic until they find out the truth about their heroes . a bug's life has animation that is simply stunning . the sheer uniqueness of the day to day bug life is very imaginative . together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film . its main weakness is that it couldn't beat antz to the theaters , making it seem like stale material .
[9]	pos	neg	no	rules , the first two of which are " don't talk about fight club . " armed with charisma and an attractive anti-corporate philosophy , tyler assumes leadership of the burgeoning membership of white-collar slaves and dead-end mcemployees . resentment creeps into jack's heart , made worse by the fact that tyler is also regularly and noisily boffing the hated marla . funded by a frivolous lawsuit , tyler begins molding his devotees into an army dedicated to mischief and mayhem . their initially juvenile pranks ( like pissing in food and putting spike belts on roads ) quickly evolve into something more like sedition , and jack fears that things have gone sour . it is after this point , when you are plenty uncomfortable and wondering just how far fincher will go to say something original , that the film uncorks a disappointing plot twist . it is so contrived-- and so conventional compared to what precedes it-- that everything which follows ( including the ending ) becomes far less interesting . it's a major ( though not fatal ) flaw , and for a director as notoriously unpredictable as fincher , it feels like a cop-out . fight club is going to be misconstrued by a great many people . in the early going , it has a downright dangerous feel ; it seems to be saying that violence and civil disobedience are good for the soul , and this is undoubtedly the message that a few moronic punks are going to take from it . i'll be mightily surprised if imitation fight clubs don't spring up here and there , and i'll be even more amazed if fincher isn't vilified for it by the same humorless witch-hunters that are currently after oliver stone . they needn't bother , because fight club is less a message movie than fincher's elaborate attempt at a joke . tyler durden , for all his dionysian allure , is really nothing more than the logical ( and far less hypocritical ) extrapolation of all those self-help gurus who constantly show up on oprah to preach their me-first gospel of self-actualization . in this context , the joke works , but like the latest columbine joke , some people will get it and enjoy a good laugh , and others won't . hopefully , though , their silly moral outrage won't spoil the joke for the rest of us .
[10]	pos	pos	yes	covered in blood , explosions , guts and elvis nods . try to see how many " inside " connections to the king you can guess . of course , it's no secret that i am quite a big elvis fan myself so please take this whole review with that grain of salt in mind . i also like these types of " guy " movies a lot , and even though the film doesn't bring much originality to the table , it does offer a pretty coherent story , some nice twists and turns , humor and a big ol' helping of whoop-ass coming straight from costner and russell's respective boots . probably not a film for everyone , but definitely for those who enjoy the guns , the charismatic bad guys and a fun , if entirely disposable , adventure . now see how many elvis songs i've used to pun my way through this phony review below . the elvis songs also recommend this movie ! so whether you're lonesome tonight or any other night , remember to pack the teddy bear with bullets , leave your little sister at home , bring your bossa nova baby and rock out of that jailhouse , cause this movie ain't one to return to the sender . i really beg of you , whether you're stuck in the ghetto or crying in the chapel , to slap this cinematic ring around your neck and love it tender . and no suspicious minds either , folks , cause i got stung by this movie , i mean it really shook me up , and unless you're the devil in disguise himself , i think you won't be able to help falling in love with this lucky charm either . so don't be cruel , don't turn away , don't curl up with your latest flame tonite ( whether she be a hard-headed woman or not ) and surrender to the hound dog of movies that is this film . it's now or never , folks . trust me , i did it my way and the heartbreak hotel of crappy movies that i'd seen so far this year is far behind me . joblo has now officially left the sanity of his mind and this building . thank you . . . thank you very much ! ! where's joblo coming from ? get carter ( 7/10 ) - heat ( 8/10 ) - honeymoon in vegas ( 9/10 ) - payback ( 8/10 ) - reindeer games ( 5/10 ) -reservoir dogs ( 9/10 ) - way of the gun ( 6/10 )
[11]	pos	pos	yes	>from the commercials , this looks like a mild-mannered neil simonesque tale with mary tyler moore baring her bra touted as the highlight . instead it turns out to be a hilarious film running in high gear from beginning to end . the concept is deceptively pedestrian . an adult adopted son is looking for his biological parents and encounters eccentric characters along the way . the movie demonstrates just how far a good script and actors can take a mundane idea . the son and his wife take off on the search accompanied by a woman from the agency who located his parents . following one dead end lead after another , each funnier than the previous , they eventually end up in new mexico with his real biological parents : alan alda and lily tomlin . it's difficult to condense the mile-a-minute plot . seemingly hundreds of scenes jump on top of each other without giving you a chance to recover from the last one . without giving too much away , one of the better episodes involves a gay federal alcohol , tobacco and firearms agent attempting an arrest while tripping on lsd as his bi-sexual partner is upstairs licking the armpit of a woman while her husband is in the next room seducing their traveling companion . and it's all done in a fairly clean , almost ( well , maybe not exactly ) family fare manner . a grand cast ( tomlin , alda , moore , ben stiller , patricia arquette , tea leoni , george segal ) interacts in a seamless parade of laughs . drawing from a more hyper woody allen style , the film succeeds beyond expectations .
[12]	pos	pos	yes	even with the cia's involvement , the film falls a little short in terms of making this scenario believable . regardless of the official word from the president or the cia , wouldn't the major media outlets have eastern european correspondents who could verify that there is , in fact , no fighting going on in albania ? the film never addresses this question , nor does it show the reactions of the american public to the news of the apparent war except for a few scenes which border on the farcical , such as when basketball fans litter the court with shoes in support of the aforementioned sgt . schumann ; we are apparently meant to assume that everyone is buying it . there was also an instance , towards the end of the film , in which one of motss's forced reinventions of the story seems to contradict what he and brean had been selling to the public thus far and could conceivably have given the game away . with these plot holes , " wag the dog " doesn't quite work as a satire of american politics , but it does send up the mentality that might lead to these kinds of machinations in the first place . brean and his advisors never seem concerned that what they are doing is unethical ; rather , they worry about how convincing it will be and whether or not they have enough money to pull it off . the film takes a decidely dark turn towards the end , as we learn how far they are willing to go in order to keep the propaganda campaign a secret . motss and his hollywood buddies , meanwhile , seem completely out of touch with the rest of the world and just see this undertaking as another creative project . in fact , one of the sources of conflict in the film is motss's increasing restlessness with the idea of not being able to take credit for producing the fake war ; in his mind , it is the greatest work of art he has ever created . i think it's fair to say that " wag the dog " underachieves a little bit : more attention to the public reaction and tighter plotting might have made this into a four-star film and a classic satire . still , the issue of an american president using war and patriotism to distract from scandals or domestic unpopularity is a very real one . wag the dog takes the issue one step further and asks , what if the war wasn't even real ? with this premise and the talented cast , the film still delivers more consistently than most , whatever its flaws .
[13]	pos	pos	yes	segment shows walking skeletons ; survivors who are so starved that they hardly look human anymore . there has been a glut of holocaust movies and i was skeptical that a new documentary would have anything new to say . but by focusing on hungarian jews during the last days of the war , moll told a specific part of the story in a new way , in greater detail . and i'm glad he did because his careful filmmaking stands up well compared to other movies on the same subject . the transfer to dvd is rich and beautiful . x-mozilla-status : 0009f words for a holocaust documentary , but some of the interviews take place in europe in late spring , when skies are blue and trees are green . also , the movie was shot on 35mm film ( and not video ! ) , so the richness and detail are impeccable . the dvd's features are plentiful and well-chosen . there is a theatrical trailer for the movie , which is a great introduction to the subject matter . there are about fifty still photos , both from the production crew and from the private collections of the survivors . also , the disc has two complete versions of the movie ( widescreen and full screen ) , both on the same side . one of the more interesting dvd features is an outtake segment for each of the survivors ( plus one for the crew ) . you'd think outtakes would be inappropriate in a holocaust documentary , but they're not bloopers . instead , they are solid , moving segments that were probably cut from the film only for length . one of them continues a confrontation that was only touched on lightly in the film . renee firestone ( one of the five ) spoke on camera with dr . hans m ? nch , a german doctor who ran the medical clinic at auschwitz . firestone was aggressive , questioning the doctor about what his children thought . the doctor was evasive and clearly uncomfortable . another of the outtakes showed bill basch saying a prayer for his dead friends at auschwitz . he ends his prayer by saying " . . . forgive me for surviving . " it's ambitious to shoot a documentary on 35mm film . it's ambitious to make it on a subject that has saturated cable , television , and movies . it's ambitious to make it 54 years after the events it covers . but the last days handles all these potential obstacles very well . it's only fitting that the dvd , with its wealth of interesting and relevant features , would also be ambitious and successful .
[14]	pos	pos	yes	it is easy to label something sentimental or tear jerking when one has not experienced the heartache of losing a child ? whether that may be in life or in death . after having said that , i will also say that this movie does all of the above very well . one gets that choking sensation in the throat ( because of grief ) when one brother forgives another for a costly mistake , or when a husband hugs his wife after a long estrangement . there is no ocean , no drownings and it does not conjure up memories of yet another ? ordinary people' . in fact the only thing remotely connected to the ocean is probably tap water and the toilet flushing ( not that this literally happened in the movie ) . so what are the lessons learnt : 1 . don't take your children to class reunions . 2 . don't leave them alone in the lobby , not even for a second . michelle pfeiffer once again plays the role of a highly-strung wife and mother , a trend that started with ? a thousand acres' and ? one fine day' . my comment is that she is exceptionally fine strung in this movie , so much so that when she has a nervous break down , the veins on her temples bulge impressively . whoopi golberg also puts in an understated performance , playing a lesbian cop , with a name that makes one want to reach for a lollipop . lastly , who are the ideal companions for this sort of movie ? my grandmother comes to mind .
[15]	pos	pos	yes	in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it's hard not to fall in love with every one of them . ginger is perfect , spunky and opinionated , but with a soft heart that forbids her to leave her companions behind , and julia sawalha ( known as the cute mousy girl on " absolutely fabulous " ) nails it . she has warm , human chemistry with gibson , whose rocky hides his personal doubt under a brash gung-ho veneer . the characters' inevitable romance doesn't feel contrived , but sweet . poor mr . tweedy ( tony haygarth ) suspects the chickens are organizing in some way , but his limited intellect prevents him from figuring things out , and his overbearing wife certainly isn't any help . jane horrocks delivers a lovely voice characterization as tragically optimistic babs ( a hen that runs away with most of the best one-liners , all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ) , and two supply-trading rats that seem to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch nearly steal the show during the lively central swing-dancing sequence . they even come up with an inspired riff on something that's baffled scholars and theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma . one might have expected this inevitable joke to come off as wearisome , but as with most of " chicken run , " it comes as a delightful surprise . the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens . the animation is first-rate . remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable " chicken run " really is . this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . as in such top-notch family fare as " a bug's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame . certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they'll catch all the details . anyway , the movie's just a boatload of fun . funnest damn movie i've seen all year .
[16]	pos	pos	yes	this island at a safe altitude just this once . right . guess what happens next ? jp3 probably functions better as a sequel than jp2 . first it has alan grant and ellie sattler ( laura dern ) back rather than the much less appealing ian malcolm . sattler has a much smaller part in jp3 , but is still present to tie this story to the first . curiously each film seems to arrange to have a signature scene with characters holding on to some large metal object that is about to fall some great distance . one thing that does not quite fit with the earlier films is just as grant discovers that raptors may be able to talk to each other , suddenly they seem to be doing it all the time . they did not appear to be conversing in the previous films . of course , these raptors look a little different also , so perhaps they are a different related species . not only are they more intelligent than in the past films , they are also more sympathetic . in this story they are not just killing machines , they have reasonable motives for what they do beyond nutrition . this time around they may be a little too anthropomorphized . each new film in the series introduces us to some new dinosaurs , of course . in this film a major threat is from a spinosaurus , not as common or as popularly known as a tyrannosaurus , but larger and presumably more nasty . it has a crocodile's head and the body that looks like a dimetrodon walking upright . perhaps as an economy measure or just to create a mood the visual effects team frequently obscures our view of the dinosaurs . sometimes they just move too fast to see . occasionally darkness or fog obscures our vision . a few times we get unconvincing matte shot , particularly of the laboratory . but there is less money on the screen in terms of dinosaur effects than in the two previous films . the musical score by don davis borrows heavily from john williams's score for the first film . joe johnston , who directs , already has to his credit two very good films i recommend the rocketeer and october sky . a team including alexander payne and jim taylor known for election writes the screenplay . the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun . if you get a thrill from seeing what look very much like live dinosaurs alive today , the film is for you . i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[17]	pos	pos	yes	uncontrollably cheats and lies , then is unable to realize why he can not hold onto a woman . and like his other miserable friends , pop music is where he inevitably goes for comfort . he spends the afternoons at his job quizzing his coworkers with obscure trivia or listening to new music and either deriding it or praising it . whatever human emotions the clash , aretha franklin , and bruce springsteen records hold , rob and co . grasp them and help fill voids in their social lives . rob has built an extensive collection in his record store as well as his home and he organizes them depending on what mood he is in . during this confused stage of his life in which the movie focuses on , rob is trying to cope with numerous rejections over the years by visiting past girlfriends and eventually asking why they dumped him . but these aren't any girlfriends ? these girls made the all time top five break ups in the history of rob ( rob's incessant use of lists show how pop music has played a major role in his life ) . the plot in three words is : women and music . the approach director stephen frears takes by having the charismatic rob speak directly to the camera is very effective . it gives high fidelity a quickly paced , informal structure , adjectives which perfectly parallel rob's own lifestyle . it also helps open the viewer's eyes as to how annoying barry is . jack black steals the show with a hilariously realistic performance as a total sleaze ball . just listening to him speak for five minutes makes the audience immediately sympathetic for rob , who must work with him every day of the week . what frears does so well is that he makes us feel sorry for rob while laughing at his misfortunes . john cusack plays his character convincingly but it is the strong supporting cast , consisting of big stars and character actors , that really defines rob . now instead of rob just talking to the camera , after he explains something , the remaining cast members physically and humorously create what he is trying to say . the only problem with high fidelity is that it doesn't end when it should have ended . instead the movie goes on for a torturous twenty minutes that seem a lot longer than that . also bruce springsteen is completely wasted in a brief cameo halfway through the movie . high fidelity is a cheerful , old fashioned comedy with a voluminous soundtrack and as many laughs . i just hope hollywood keeps creating losers on the big screen , they make everyone look and feel great .
[18]	pos	neg	no	just got on my nerves and didn't really care for the way that the battle sequence was resolved ( i won't ruin it here but c'mon guys . . . you coulda thought of something a little more plausible than that , no ? ) . but the thing that held this movie back more than anything else was its lead character , his cold demeanor and the zero chemistry that he shared with either one of his inter-species love interests . this dude didn't seem to give a rat's ass about anyone but himself and i ultimately didn't really care about what happened to him either . now i'm not sure if this was the fault of the actor or the script , but the film suffered because of it . visually , the movie was also nice to look at ( especially the apes ! ) , but i definitely expected greater coolness from tim burton . the " surprise ending " that highlighted the original planet of the apes film back in 1968 , felt a little tacked on here , and despite being interesting , didn't really make all that much sense to me ( unless you look at it from a sequel point of view ) . so overall , i loved the whole " feel " of the planet , the apes that ruled it , the manner in which they treated the humans , screamed , shouted and reverted the entire evolution chain , but didn't appreciate the film's lack of human character development ( why was kris kristofferson even in this movie ? ) and the fact that its lead male and female humans were just plain boring . but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise . ps : for anyone who has seen the original , i cannot believe that they didn't at least bring back the scene in which the lead human character ( in this case , mark wahlberg ) goes nuts at the world in which he's suddenly been thrust ( " this is a mad house ! " - type of thing ) . the guy in this film barely seems to be " put off " by the fact that he's surrounded by apes who can speak english ! ! where's joblo coming from ? the arrival ( 8/10 ) - battlefield earth ( 7/10 ) - godzilla ( 4/10 ) - instinct ( 6/10 ) - mission to mars ( 3/10 ) - pitch black ( 7/10 ) - ( 1968 ) planet of the apes ( 9/10 ) - sleepy hollow ( 8/10 )
[19]	pos	pos	yes	disaster films have a tendency to be very formulated and very cliched . to see a disaster film with actual originality , or at least a decent plot twist , would definitely be a welcome surprise . unfortunately , folks , it's not likely . dante's peak is cliched , and at times corny , but also pretty decent . to be honest , i wasn't very interested in seeing this film , and word of mouth , as well as several reviews , didn't make it sound promising . so i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie wasn't bad at all . it's pretty run of the mill , but it's not something i would say is merely " ok " to watch . in case you don't know , dante's peak is about a volcano and the city which lives in it's shadow , dante's peak ( who would've guessed , eh ? ) . pierce brosnan plays the volcanologist sent to study the volcano and , perhaps more by hunch than actual scientific proof , is determined that the volcano will be arupting in the very near future . due to the lack of more substantial evidence , nobody warns the small town , and when they finally do , it's in the middle of the town meeting that the volcano finally blows . brosnan , all around good guy , will , of course , save the day . . . or at least the mayor of dante's peak ( linda hamilton ) . naturally the two will become infatuated with one another . ( if you think i just ruined a plot development , you haven't seen very many movies ! ) there's also the virtually neccessary kids and pet dog to tug at your heart strings . and of course , the kids or the dog ( at least one or the other ) will do something heroic . . . but hey , i don't want to ruin all the surprises ! if there was a part of you that was hesitating seeing dante's peak merely because it was rumored to be a waste of time , i urge you to watch it and decide for yourself . it's not brain food , but it succeeds at what it's meant to be . . . an enjoyable , suspenseful movie about the fury mother nature can unleash !
[20]	pos	pos	yes	is very close to pop culture bashing heaven , folks . the other standout performance in the film is delivered by joaquin phoenix . he plays jimmy , a burned out teenager who becomes addicted to suzanne's sexual favors . kidman's character , vapid though she is , is a sort of suave beacon of success to jimmy and his lost friends russell and lydia , winningly portrayed by casey affleck and alison folland . phoenix looks like the very embodiment of gen-x slackerhood ( as envisioned by tabloid tv , of course ) . his jimmy has the dead eyes and demeanor of a kid who knows that he ain't going anywhere , ever . phoenix reacts to the sexy suzanne with a sort of obsessed amazement and he makes us believe that a loser character like jimmy really would be willing to kill for someone like suzanne , someone who actually noticed him . gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , my own private idaho ) direction is first-rate . he keeps the pacing in this not-quite-thriller snapping along . van sant rightly keeps the focus of this movie on the amoral suzanne and doesn't stop to proselytize the audience about the rightness or wrongness of her actions . van sant trusts his material and trusts his audience to 'get it' without stopping to explain what is funny about this all-american story . the screenplay , by buck henry , is absolutely great and includes some of the best bleakly comic lines i've heard since heathers . henry's story is a blast against the shallowness of the american media and the mindlessness of fame , yet the screenplay delivers this sharp message by focusing on just a few characters . henry ably manages to avoid diluting his story by aiming at too many targets and the result is a crisp and funny mini-classic . danny elfman did the original music for this movie and he delivers another eccentric , loopy score that strongly echoes his themes for edward scissorhands . either film score would make wonderful background music for halloween trick-or-treat parties . all-in-all , a wonderful production , well worth your seven bucks ! to die for : a columbia pictures release directed by gus van sant . written by buck henry score by danny elfman starring nicole kidman , matt dillon , joachin phoenix based on the book by joyce maynard . rated r - for language and mature themes . ( respect the r , not for under 14's ) rating ----- stars . go see it .
[21]	pos	pos	yes	. ben is an ideal role for affleck's easy-going charm , and he plays the straight-laced straight man without forced exasperation . sandra bullock , for her part , is more loose and appealing than she has been in her last half-dozen films combined , avoiding her recent habit of playing any semblance of character depth as moping . the two performances -- part of a great top-to-bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely . lively and funny though it may be on a consistent basis , forces of nature leaves a bitter taste that feels like self-justification . the kicker is that those acidic anecdotes serve exactly the opposite purpose , leading to a surprisingly emotional resolution . forces of nature isn't about a man developing a fear of commitment ; it's about a man learning what commitment means _to him_ , learning that it's not what he thought it was . lawrence's script feints and dodges before reaching its happy ending , an ending which is happy because people make the choices that make the most sense . earlier scenes that might have felt like throwaways take on more resonance , and that bitter taste sweetens into something fresh and genuine . though one too many plot contrivances keep ben and sarah together through the film , and they do exchange the obligatory mutual character analysis of bickering screen couples , forces of nature wraps up so perfectly that you'll end up remembering the humor and the simple wisdom . that is , provided you're not put off by the ridiculously busy direction of bronwen hughes . for a brisk romantic comedy , forces of nature comes loaded with some of the most over-directed scenes of the year : teetering hand-held shots , why-not low or high angles , sweeping pans . occasionally the hyper-real approach works , with cinematographer elliot davis creating a world of fantasy romance ; far more often , hughes refuses to let a scene be what it is , covering it with flourishes so thick you almost can't find what's underneath . a script this smart and mature deserved a more restrained director , but even hughes' excesses can't spoil this unique concoction . forces of nature may restore your faith in romantic comedy as something with the power to enchant , something that can make you happy to be proved wrong when you expect a tale for and about adolescents .
[22]	pos	pos	yes	is so quick to judge the enemy that he doesn't even realize his own seemingly programmed thought patterns . once the film makes it evident that turning the u . s . bombers will be impossible , the question becomes what the * consequences * of destroying moscow will be . just how will the soviet union's leader react , and what can the president do to convey his best intentions ? ( just * how * does one pass off the deaths of millions of people as an * mishap * ? ) with the help of his translator buck ( larry hagman ) , the president negotiates at length with the soviet leader , in scenes that prove amazingly taut and powerful in their simplicity , with lumet's long takes of fonda and hagman in the same frame , exchanging the dialog between the president and the soviet leader . without getting into too much detail , i will say that the compromise they ultimately reach is very costly , yet necessary and as sensible as possible under the circumstances . ( that is , as sensible as a nuclear " incident " can probably be . ) it does accomplish what it must : it avoids an all-out war , something that simply isn't possible because of its all-too-real consequences . dramatically , the ending is quite powerful , and the use of o'herlihy's character as the symbolic " matador " ( providing a bookend to the film by ending the story while tying into his dream sequence from the film's opening ) , is particularly appropriate . " fail-safe " is a production of a major hollywood studio ( released by columbia pictures ) , and it has the structure of a high-tension suspense thriller that one might expect from a hollywood film . nevertheless , under lumet's direction and walter bernstein's intelligent adaptation of burdick's and wheeler's novel , the film continues to have a lasting effect even after the events on screen have unfolded . the film often warns that the automation of war is something that may make nuclear holocaust an unintentional consequence of such mass arming . but it was the conscious , human choice to * initialize * this automatic arming that " fail-safe " also finds dangerous . in retrospect , the arms race seems to be one of the most puzzling exercises in futility of the century . it's just fortunate that both sides were finally able to come to their senses and slow down , rather than continuing groeteschele's dangerous approach of speeding up and causing a possible meltdown .
[23]	pos	pos	yes	is absolutely brilliant ) , nails the film , exposing everything for what it is . we cry for evita at the end because we feel we should , by the way it is presented . his direction is manipulative for a reason : to show the mourning for what it is . and there is energy throughout , with lots of bright colors , and scenes which are cinematically entertaning , as well as enriching and deep , such as the balcony scene where she sings " don't cry for me , argentina , " and her death sequence , which is poignant becuase of how sad it is . madonna's golden globe winning performance is much like the movie : starts kinda downhill then goes up quickly , remaning there for the rest of the film . at the beginning , she looks like she's too busy concentrating on her singing to act , but she eventually gets it right , though never really getting the presence of , say , patti lupone ( who did the role in its american premiere back in the late 70s ) . her death , though , is brilliant . her singing could be better though . i know she took lessons to improve her range and all , but it still sounds like she's trying to hard . she sounds way too soft in several places where she should be comanding ( like . . . patti lupone - i heard her sing on an old " evita " cd , and you could just feel her stage presence without even seeing her ) . but it's generally very good , although not up to the brilliance the role really requires . antonio banderas , who is almost like a guilty pleasure these days ( i'm one of the few people who thinks he rocks ) , is extremely comanding in his performance , presenting a lovable narrator . his singing is very good , though nothing compared to the original , mandy patinkin . he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range . and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade . although it gets off to a rocky start ( " rocky " 's polite for what it really is ) , it soon picks up and becomes a wonderully poignant musical . like the other musical released in '96 ( woody allen's " everyone says i love you " ) , it's a reminder that the hollywood musical may be dead , but it can come back every now and then for a brief performance .
[24]	pos	pos	yes	an impressive ensemble cast . from winona ryder , ann bancroft , ellen burstyn , and maya angelou to minor players like rip torn , claire danes , and kate capshaw , this film is overflowing with realized talent . the performances are good enough , in fact , to cover up many of the script's weaknesses . how to make an american quilt is basically an unremarkable , if affecting , tale of love across the generations--a sort of truncated american version of the joy luck club , with a dash of fried green tomatoes added . there are probably too many characters . so , instead of really getting to know a few of them , we are presented with quick glimpses into a single defining event in each of their lives . we learn about the root of the smoldering resentment between gladys and hy , and are told the reasons why emma stays with her husband and sophia is so irascible . there are other episodes as well : the love of anna's life , marianna's soul mate , and a look at the reasons why constance entered into an affair with her friend's husband . the sum total of these tales is meant to provide the framework for finn's story : whether to go forward with her marriage or dally with a hunky stranger . there is no emotional epiphany in how to make an american quilt . the stories are all well-told , but it's difficult to really connect with the characters--their moments pass so quickly . while we certainly feel something for each of the eight principals , our emotional investment is tenuous . there isn't enough depth to pull the viewer in all the way , and many of the personalities and relationships feel half- formed , like a quilt with patches missing . to put it bluntly , while i enjoyed watching this film , it didn't " do much " for me . on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely-understated drama that has a lot to say about love , passion , and monogamy in relationships . finn's segment is by far the most compelling , because she's the focal point : her actions are shaped by everyone else's experiences . the other patches of this american quilt are successful only to varying degrees . if there's a disappointment here , it's that the script doesn't have more resonance , but the privilege of seeing such a fine cast in top form allows a viewer to enjoy this picture even if the story is somewhat conventional .
[25]	pos	pos	yes	she moved the camera and created tension throughout every scene was amazing . there was more excitement and adrenaline rushed suspense than just about any of hollywood's big blockbuster movies . so it's only natural that leder would get to direct her very own hollywood blockbuster . and i have to say , after a shaky beginning , she does not disappoint . peacemaker deals with the theft of nuclear weapons by terrorists , which is obviously nothing new . the first half hour goes into detail , way too much detail , about how the weapons are stolen . despite a few good images , including a train collision and a very impressive explosion , none of this was very coherent . it's long and drawn out , and i would have settled with a more implausible beginning that would have moved the story along better . once george clooney and nicole kidman enter the picture , it begins to take off . george clooney is an air force colonel with connections all over the world . he has a nice sarcastic wit and the rough edges that you expect from most clooney characters . nicole kidman is head of a white house team on weapons smuggling . there is the usual flirtatious banter between the two , but that is dispensed with quickly . the story takes clooney and kidman across the globe , trying to figure out who has the weapons and where they are going with them . clooney goes through bouts of sarcasm , frustration , determination , and revenge while kidman works against her own insecurity and self-doubt . this is when leder starts to show her true stuff . she starts us off with a nifty little car chase as an appetizer . then we get clooney doing heroics in and out of a helicopter . then that leads us to the brilliant final showdown on new york city's crowded streets , and a madman with a nuke walking among them . mimi leder is a natural at creating suspense . she reminds me of wolfgang petersen in her ability to make the most routine action sequences exciting and breathtaking . nicole kidman is an intelligent female action hero . you're not gonna find her falling down so clooney can come back to save her . george clooney is a real movie star . many of you may have hated him as batman , but this guy is for real . he has a natural screen presence , and an ingratiating personality . he'll be around for a while . dreamworks is off to a satisfying start with peacemaker .
[26]	pos	pos	yes	of burton's in-jokes is to have charlton heston , star of the original , play the chimpanzee father of tim roth's gen . thade . the young chimp goes to visit his dying father . both have one thing in common , a hatred of humans . with his dying breath , the elder spews out his vile : " damn them , damn them all to hell , " he says before expiring . that is the famous line heston's taylor shouted at the conclusion of the original after discovering the planet's terrible secret . the performances throughout are top-notch . wahlberg plays davidson not as some gung-ho hero , but as a confused and somewhat frightened explorer who only wants to return home . he is reluctant to lead the human rebellion ; his only objective being to find a way off this upside-down planet . this hesitation is what makes his character believable and vulnerable . roth is ferocious , cunning , cruel and savage as the fascist chimp who wants to rid his planet of all vestiges of humanity . he leaps and bounds as if he had springs on his feet . it is a masterful turn . helena bonham carter is ari , the chimp who believes that apes and humans can live in peace and as equals . hers is a smart , compassionate characterization . michael clarke duncan is big and brutal as attar the gorilla aid to thade who blindly follows his leader until his faith is shaken . a fine comic outing is given by paul giamatti as limbo , the ape slave trader making a living off the misery of the humans he captures . as the battle between apes and humans looms , the cowardly limbo pleads , " can't we all just get along , " echoing the words of rodney king . much of the success of planet of the apes goes to burton's technical crew , especially production designer rick heinrichs and the legendary rick baker who created the ape makeup . burton's musical collaborator , danny elfman , provides another fine score , though it is not as memorable as his work on batman or sleepy hollow . the movie's only letdown comes at the very end where burton tries to outshock the finale from the 1968 original . he comes close , but falls short . otherwise , planet of the apes is what a summer movie should be : an amusement park ride filled with lots of action , stunts and a few laughs . this is one feature in which the expectations lived up to the pre-release hype .
[27]	pos	pos	yes	had at the movies all year . the thing is , i'm not really sure what made this particular stab ( pardon the pun ) at the genre seem so fresh and alive . maybe it was the above-par performances by the movie's two leads ( jared leto and " cybil " actress alicia witt ) . or , it could have been the on- target direction by jamie blanks . more likely , though , it was because of the inspired premise . i don't think i need to tell you that a killer hacking people up ala urban folklore is much more frightening than a killer fisherman . urban legend begins with a sequence that reminded me of the classic scream opener , not so much in plotting as in attention to detail that makes for an absolutely chilling teaser for the rest of the film . a pretty young coed is driving down a deserted road when ( gasp ! ) a gas problem ( hee-hee ) forces her to stop at an equally deserted gas station for a refill . one problem , though . would you want to stop at a station run by brad dourif ? i thought not . predictably , the attendant ends up coaxing her into the main building to sort out a problem with the credit card company . it's odd , though , when you pick up a phone to realize that nobody's on the other line . naturally , the potential victim escapes into her car and drives off . and the when we least expect it . . . whack ! ! ! a decapitation . it turns out that the creepy looking attendant was just trying to warn her about the maniac in the back seat of the car . so who is it this time ? the obvious candidate is the slightly off-kilter professor at the college the girl went to ( none other than freddy kruger himself , robert englund ) , who teaches a class on urban legends . a-ha . or could it be the fame-hungry local journalist ( leto ) looking for a meaty story to put on his resume ? like all movies of this nature , one of the chief pleasures is trying to guess whodunit . and it turns out to be , of course , the one you didn't suspect . i'm not going to pretend urban legend is anything more than it is , but i must give credit where credit is due . and this flick definitely deserves credit for being what not many other recent horror films have been . . . fun . * complimentary movie ticket courtesy of valley cinemas in lodi , ca
[28]	pos	pos	yes	having a wedding and all the relatives will come for the multi-day festivities . mira nair's film is pleasant enough with a little human drama , a few family secrets , some sadness and some happiness . you have seen it all before , but perhaps not from india . the photography is colorful and the music is very agreeable . , low +2 ( -4 to +4 ) mira nair previously directed salaam bombay and mississippi masala . her newest film , written by sabrina dhawan , is very similar to previous films like betsy's wedding but it is set in new delhi . a wealthy family is having a wedding . an indian wedding is a multi-day affair as much a family reunion as a nuptial . even more than in the us , it is an excuse for a lavish and extravagant family get-together . the film shows us what the family does together and at the same time follows several family members' individual story lines . aditi verma is marrying hemant , an indian engineer working in the us . she had previously had a relationship with vikram , her supervisor . latit , her father ( played by naseeruddin shah ) , is juggling many problems , not the least of which is worrying about the caterer has hired pk dubey . dubey is a rather eccentric man with a taste for eating the marigolds he uses for decoration . even dubey will soon be romantically entangled when he becomes interested in alice , one of the family servants . several family members arrive giving rise to several plotlines involving sex , family secrets , or both . there are heartbreaks and there are people falling in love . some of the subjects covered are probably near taboo for indian films . western audiences will appreciate a look at unfamiliar indian customs like women painting their hands with henna . on the other hand it was not clear ( to me at least ) if scenes like the family singing together are typical of indian culture or if they are a convention of indian musical films . this seems a particularly westernized family with the father wearing american designer sweaters and the family speaking mostly english . the latter will , however , help with an international release . sabrina dhawan's screenplay is vibrant with witty dialog . we have seen films with plotting very much like this , but the indian setting makes a great deal of difference . director mira nair calls the film an affirmation of life . i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[29]	pos	pos	yes	used frequently and emphatically to highlight more abstract aspects of characters ; it is rare , however , for it to develop as outstandingly as it does in roberto benigni's neo-classic drama , life is beautiful . through a central cast of father , mother , and son , benigni demonstrates the wonderful , undying love that a family shares in the best of times and the worst of times . life * is * beautiful for guido orefice ( roberto benigni , directing himself here for the sixth time in his career ) , an italian jew , master con man , and aspiring waiter extraordinaire . living in 1930's italy , he lives a carefree life of good fortune ; it is made even better when he happens upon a pretty schoolteacher named dora ( nicoletta braschi ) . although dora is already engaged , guido manages to sweep her off her feet and persuades her to marry him instead ; the two have a child named joshua ( giorgio cantarini ) . unfortunately for the happy family , the third reich and its nazi minions occupy italy and imprison all jews in work camps . it is after the movie takes this dramatic turn that the movie's theme of family love becomes the strongest . although prior to this turning point benigni plays guido with a sort of goofy charm , he relaxes the role to ensure his son's happiness . now , instead of awkwardly seducing the sweet dora , he constantly reassures his son that everything will be all right . benigni's performance is truly a well-rounded one , and certainly one of the more fluid turns all year . the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script . life is beautiful is a self-proclaimed fable , one which tells its story in grand , two-part fashion . in certain parts it manages to sink to the level of a " saturday night live " spinoff -- a number of humorous skits connected by a token plot -- but in the movie's second half the script's circular nature becomes admirably obvious . characters make reprise appearances in fine form , and certain events which are intially curious become critically linked to the plot's outcome . in all , fans of foreign film will see this as a memorable motion picture , and novice movie-watchers may take this opportunity to see their first " artsy " film . life is beautiful is an artsy movie by convention but easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture .
[30]	pos	pos	yes	while watching wes anderson's rushmore , it may be surprising to think that the role of max fischer , the film's anti-hero , was not written with jason schwartzman in mind . the young actor , making his film debut as a 15 year old student at the exclusive rushmore academy is so perfect in the role that it comes as a shock that anderson auditioned some two thousand other prospective stars before discovering schwarztman . schwartzman plays max , a student who is more interested in his extra-curricular activities ( such as writing edgy plays like " serpico " and being president of the rushmore beekeepers ) but sees his grades suffer as a result . on the brink of being thrown out , he lands himself in even more hot water when he falls for first grade teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) and enlists the help of millionaire acquaintance herman blume ( the great bill murray ) to build an aquarium ( on rushmore's baseball field ) in her honour . unfortunately for everyone involved , blume finds that he has feelings for miss cross as well , which gets in the way of max's plans to woo her . max is one of the best-written characters we've yet seen in the 90s , and schwartzman plays him to perfection in one of the finest comedy performances ever given by someone of his age . as everyone else has probably already pointed out , he is reminiscent of a young dustin hoffman ( although i was reminded more of paul from " the wonder years " , from a visual standpoint , at least ) . hopefully , if he avoids typecasting as weird , quirky loner-types he should earn himself a good career . bill murray is his equal as blume , displaying a depth we haven't yet seen from him . while this isn't his best performance ( that honour goes to groundhog day ) he is still terrific here . williams isn't given much to do except react to schwartzman and murray , but still does fine work . rushmore seems to go just a little too long but , while it isn't a perfect film , it is a definate must-see for anyone who wants to see that rarity , an american coming-of-age film that actually works well without an excessive amount of sentimentality . anderson has created a modern classic with a star who should , with any luck , rise to even greater success .
[31]	pos	pos	yes	sad truth is that jude is one of the miserable people who can never get any luck in this world . he will never gain any true happiness , and any happiness that happens to him will be fleeting , and will probably bring more horrible instances to his life . part of it is his fault - he's too optimistic , and too gullible . but society has a way of taking these people , and hurting them until their death . the ending of " jude " is bleak because it has to be ( although i hear the ending of the novel is even worse - guess i'll have to read it now ) . " jude " offers a satirical view on society's cruelties , but shows no way of curing this , and thank heavens it doesn't . there's no way to relinquish the selfishness of society , and any solution would be too small to cure such a mass problem . satire has always been one of the few ways of changing certain people's minds , and that's what " jude " is . sure , it's one hell of a downer , but it needs to be . the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it . christopher eccleston ( slightly resembling richard edson with his new look and dumb expression ) plays jude wonderfully , sometimes bringing a big dumb smile to his face , and making him kind of child-like at other times . kate winslet , in a pre- " titanic " performance , is brilliant , nailing every psyche of her character , and creating someone who's troubled but very seductive with her personality . kate may be the best actress in her age group ( if you don't believe me , see " titanic , " branagh's " hamlet , " " sense and sensibility , " and " heavenly creatures , " the latter one being my favorite performance of hers ) . in the supporting roles , liam cunningham is a wonderfully flawed teacher , exposing all his bad parts , but ultimately being a pretty good person ; and rachel griffiths is wonderfully immature as jude's wife , whom he never divorces . " jude " moves at a very slow pace , and keeps taunting its viewers with chances of happiness for its protagonists , which would drive some people nuts . but those who appreciate good social commentary with their films , no matter how slow or downright depressing they are ( this one is both ) will appreciate " jude , " though i doubt anyone truly enjoys it .
[32]	pos	pos	yes	quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is betrayed by a dragon early in the movie . he runs into the last dragon in existence , and there is a genuinely amusing battle between the two which results in a standoff where quaid is in the dragons mouth , but has his sword pointed at the dragons brain . eventually , they decide to call a truce , and they work out a deal . since he is the last dragon , he will pretend to die and quaid will be able to get paid for it . their scam works at first , until they come to a town without any money . instead the town sacrifices a girl to the dragon , but of course , draco is a nice droagon , so he won't eat her . there is however a very amusing scene where draco is hitting on the young girl . of course , as you can probably tell by the plot , this is a silly movie , but it does know when to take itself seriously at the right times , unlike eddie , which was serious all the time . you could probably call this a medieval comedy , because there are more laughs here than in eddie and spy hard combined . dennis quaid makes a fine hero . pete posthlewaite provides some ghreat comedy as a monk who journeys with them . dina meyer is appealing as the sacrificed girl . but lets face it , the movie is really about the dragon , and what an amazing creation he is . connery's voice and ilm team up to provide us with a truly magnificent dragon . so , if you are going to see this movie for a strong hard core medieval epic , you are going to the wrong movie . if you are going because of the dragon , you will not be dissapointed , and you will be provided with plenty of laughs that smooth out the boring parts in the script .
[33]	pos	pos	yes	been called " the j . d . salinger of cinema . " his two previous films , badlands and days of heaven , are spectacularly beautiful and obscure motion pictures . after he made them , he disappeared for 20 years . this film marks his return . what he's made with the thin red line is a film that seems less concerned with plot than with the emotion of the moment . the narration which fills the film ( and perplexes many ) not only lets us hear the narrators ( the characters themselves ) pontificate , but also lets us hear such of-the-moment thoughts as " i'm scared . " the rather simple plot of the thin red line is used as a canvas on which many stories are painted . the plot couldly simply be boiled down to an assault on a hill . a plot synopsis for the thin red line is difficult , because the story is fractured . many stories are here , from the clash between the lieutenant ( elias koteas ) and the savage colonel ( a voracious nick nolte ) to the private ( ben chaplin ) who uses his love for the woman he left behind to keep him going . the fracturing of the story is ultimately a fault . it is as if an artist spent an incredible amount of time artfully sculpting tiny statues and then threw them into a box , shook the box , and poured the results onto a table . this basically creates a mess , but the stories can be discerned and enjoyed . i'm not declaring that the film has no structure . while saving private ryan used warfare to bookend the plot , malick uses reflection and glorious shots of nature to bookend about 90 minutes of combat . the battles in the thin red line are astonishing and display a mastery of filmmaking . the astounding cinematography in this film must also be given notice . this film uses color and light in such a fantastic way , that it will be sad to see it degraded when it has to bee transferred to video . ultimately , malick has crafted a film that is a movie that enjoys looking through the treetops more than regarding the war that rages below them . the film is filled with nature photography and the regarding of nature . while some have said that the anti-war message and pro-nature tubthumping was juvenile , it was done with so much complexity and thought , that it cannot ever honestly be called childish . after seeing the thin red line , i was haunted by it and am quite ready to see it again .
[34]	pos	pos	yes	and very heart-warming ending . one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects . just like in " star wars : episode 1--the phantom menace " stuart little and his family are all computer generated and they look fantastically real . from the detail of their fur , to the detail of the way the walk ; the special effects team put a lot of time and effort on this $90 million dollar film and it shows . another movie that this has in common with is " babe " with it's talking animals and people understanding them . it has a family friendly atmosphere and is never really scary or suspenseful enough to even scare the youngest of kids . michael j . fox does the voice of stuart himself and just like in the " homeward bound " movies does a fantastic job and brings more out of stuart than anyone else could . he to me fits the character perfectly and ends up making stuart even more lovable . another gem of the film is nathan lane as snowball . when he was timon in 1994's " the lion king " i would have sworn he was a comedian , and now in " stuart little " he brings the most out of snowball and makes him one of those characters we love to dislike . for the human actors geena davis who never gives a bad performance does not disappoint here as well . she fits nicely in her character and there is a good chemistry between her and hugh laurie who plays mr . little . both make us believe they are happily in love and married and jonathan lipnicki as their song is even more adorable than he was in 1996's " jerry maguire " . even though stuart little is completely cgi , the human characters and stuart have a nice chemistry together and even makes us believe they really do care for each other . " stuart little " is ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint youngsters or adults for that matter . we get entertainment , laughs , cries and more fun at the movies this season than probably any other movie . its nice to see a pg rated movie out at christmas that everyone can see . even though it has a $90 million dollar budget i'm sure it will make over that or just below it respectively . for all you parents out there trying to find a good family movie , i have yet to see bicentennial man as i write this but as far as i know " stuart little " and " toy story 2 " are by far the best family films this year . a winner . ?
[35]	pos	pos	yes	their star's character simply jackie , with no last name . this jackie is a world-class chef who co-hosts a popular cooking show on australian television . of course , jackie also happens to be a talented martial artist , and these skills come in handy when he becomes involved in an ambitious reporter's ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) expose of a drug dealing ring . other plot details , involving a videotape and a biker gang , are irrelevant ; in fact , as is the case with most chan films , the plot itself is just about irrelevant . the sole purpose of mr . nice guy's existence are chan's comic fight scenes , and those here do not disappoint . director samo hung ( who has a cameo role ) , a longtime collaborator of chan's , does not waste any time putting chan in action , diving head-on into a wild chase/fight/shootout after a brief cooking show prologue . other impressive set pieces follow , most notably a chase in a mall , which directly leads to some frenzied , if cliched ( can you say fruit cart ? ) , business involving a runaway carriage ; and an extended late-film sequence at a construction site , in which a hilarious pursuit through a maze of blue doors culminates in some exciting fights involving boards , cement mixers , and a deadly buzzsaw . none of the action sequences in mr . nice guy are as spectacular as supercop's thrilling helicopter-train finale or rumble in the bronx's daring leap between two buildings ; nor is anything as inventive as the ladder fight or air tunnel climax in first strike and operation condor , respectively . but the action delivers , even if the energy peters out before the film's end ( the finale , as spectacular as it is , is a letdown for fans of chan's athletic prowess ) . filmed almost entirely in english ( even so , the voices of some english-speaking actors are laughably dubbed ) , mr . nice guy hints at jackie chan's latest transition to hollywood productions ( he made ill-fated attempts with 1980's the big brawl and 1985's the protector ) ; next in the pipeline is rush hour , a stateside production co-starring chris tucker . hopefully that film will be a mere diversion in tinseltown , and chan will continue with exuberant hong kong productions such as mr . nice guy , for his unique charm and reckless abandon are sure to be diluted by american hands , much like they have been before .
[36]	pos	pos	yes	this kind of thing is what his character lives for , and he's so excited that he can't even shut up . even on the edge of disaster , he's bright-eyed ( behind oddly tinted sunglasses ) and positive . insiders note that he's basing his character on some powerful-but-anonymous producer -- which may or may not be true , but hoffman still exudes the kind of lets-put-on-a-show electricity that you figure a producer needs to have . the best part and the most frustrating part of wag the dog is in the supporting cast . the characters are so well drawn and so well acted that we want to see more of them , listen to them talk in that wised-up mamet dialogue , get to know them better -- which we don't . anne heche , is dead-bang-on in her portrayal of a political press aide -- cool and composed on the outside , panicked and frenzied on the outside . denis leary ( one of my favorite actors -- see the ref ) is the " fad king " , who handles the profitable " back-end " -- t-shirt tie ins and shoe contracts and other creative , innovative ways to separate a fool from his money . they could make a whole movie , just about the fad king , and i'd go see it . willie nelson and merle haggard handle the musical end of things fabulously , from the upbeat gospel chorus theme song , to the weepy country waltz , to the hilarious " ballad of the green berets " parody . woody harrelson has a brief , but memorable part as the overmedicated " hero " of the albanian conflict . craig t . nelson , as the opposition candidate , and the ever-reliable william h . macy , as a wacky cia agent , are given surprisingly short shrift . ( one of my small gripes is that we never see what the spin doctors on the other side are doing . ) wag the dog is a funny movie about serious problems : the trivialization of american politics , the role of the press in dumbing down the issues , the impact of hollywood in creating campaign commercials , the reduction of all things political to soundbites and sidebars -- the list goes on . we can solve most of these problems by taking a greater role in our national life and educating ourselves as voters and citizens . wag the dog reminds us of what can happen if we don't .
[37]	pos	pos	yes	expectant unwed mother sally ( played by drew barrymore ) encounters her baby's father in a fast food drive-through window . after he gets his milkshake , he drives off , only to be pursued by a military helicopter . from this moment forward , you know that this isn't going to be your run-of-the-mill romantic comedy . home fries tells the tale of the relationship between sally and dorian ( played by luke wilson ) , a helicopter pilot who has a different kind of connection with sally . . . more than he would care to admit ( hint : it has something to do with the father of sally's unborn child ) . after taking a personal ( and professional ) interest in her , he finds work at the local fast food restaurant at which she works , and the fun goes on from there . this movie is a lot of fun . it is comedic on two levels , as a romantic comedy and a dark comedy . the romantic moments are sweet , yet not sappy . one of the more poignant moments is when dorian accompanies sally to lamaze classes . however , the dark comedic moments are more memorable . this is also a tale of revenge , and a funny one at that . the father of sally's unborn child also happened to be a married man , whose wife is played by catherine o'hara . she does a wonderful portrayal of a jealous wife who is targeting the person who had an affair , and is not above getting other people to do her dirty work . ( my apologies if this sounds cryptic , but there is too much of the plot to give away ) . rounding out the cast are jake busey as angus , dorian's overzealous brother and daryl mitchell as roy , dorian's trainer at the fast food restaurant . the dialogue is sharp and not filled with sappy overtones , even with the romantic nature of the plot . if there are any complaints , it is over drew barrymore's performance . while she does light up the screen , there are moments when she doesn't seem all that convincing . the movie was filmed in texas , and most of the characters have southern texan accents . drew barrymore's accent tends to come and go ( luke wilson doesn't seem to have this problem ) . as well , she seems awfully agile for a woman that is eight months pregnant . still , this movie is one that will please many viewers . with plot twists galore and hilarious dark moments , this is sure to entertain .
[38]	pos	pos	yes	of international terrorism , intrigue and double-personality syndrome ( which does not sit well with his uninformed wife and kids back in the states . ) critique : great premise is executed with enough style and thrills to keep the piece interesting throughout its close to two-hour runtime . admittedly , i wasn't a huge fan of any of the main actors in this film , and didn't expect much from this movie beforehand , but surprisingly it did have its thrilling moments , as well as a mostly plausible and absorbing story line . the first hour is mostly just a build-up of things to come , and does offer a great characterization of the jackal , but the second hour is the one that really cranks in the cool scenes and a sweet ending . quinn was adequate in both roles as naval officer ramirez and the real jackal , but didn't offer anything extraordinary , in my opinion . sutherland and kingsley seem to be playing the same role that they've played in both of their respective careers of late , but nonetheless , appeared to relish the cold-heartedness of their chosen characters . i didn't like performance put forth from quinn's wife in this flick , but then again , she doesn't show up in most of the film , so that wasn't so bad . i did however enjoy director duguay's interesting style and cinematic vision . this thriller could easily have been boring during many sequences , but duguay always seemed to find something interesting to show the viewer . i thought that was neat . having said that , i didn't think the first hour needed to be as long as it was , and the film did have me tinkering on the bridge of believability when the " fake " jackal met with the " real " jackal's girlfriend without much retrospection on her part , but all in all , not too many complaints in a movie that could easily be enjoyed by all those who take pleasure in the spy and terrorist thriller genre . little known facts : ben kingsley's real name is krishna banji , he stands 5 " 8 , was born in scarborough , england , and won the best actor honor in 1982's academy awards presentation for the title role he portrayed in ghandi . many scenes from this film were actually shot in montreal , canada ( joblo's haven of restfulness ) . donald sutherland has fathered actor kiefer sutherland , is canadian , and apparently still owns a place in the north of montreal .
[39]	pos	pos	yes	( elke sommer ) and roland crump ( kenneth williams ) and a group of archaeology students stay in the caravan site owned by major leep ( kenneth connor ) so that they can explore the nearby roman settlement remains . anna has a little trouble understanding english and sometimes people get the wrong end of the stick : - for instance , when anna is asking for 'scrubbers for dirty caravan' , she means that she wants a scrubbing brush to clean the caravan ! arthur upmore ( bernard bresslaw ) and his wife linda ( patsy rowlands ) take her mother daphne barnes ( joan sims ) and her minah bird on holiday with them . mother-in-law jokes prevail . furthermore , the trouble that joe and norma baxter ( ian lavender and adrienne posta ) have with their large irish greyhound allows for some comical moments between the two families . fred ramsden ( windsor davies ) and ernie bragg ( jack douglas ) leave their wives ( liz fraser and patricia franklin ) behind for a fishing holiday . however , they have more in mind than fishing when they catch sight of two young girls , sandra ( carol hawkins ) and carol ( sherrie hewson ) . the story involves the disruption caused by the archaeological professors of the day-to-day running of the camp , the search for the minah bid and greyhound , the major , fred and ernie's desperate need of a woman , a misunderstanding leading to a striptease at the caravan park's pub , and a shock in store for daphne . the partnership between sommer and williams is very effective and amusing . this is what binds the movie together . joan sims stands out as the demanding mother-in-law , bernard bresslaw and patsy rowlands work well together as husband and wife , and carol hawkins and sherrie hewson are a welcome addition to the cast . on the other hand , there are low-key performances from kenneth connor and peter butterworth as barnes the handyman , and there are very poor performances by windsor davies and jack douglas who spend far too much time on the screen ! even though there is no real plot to speak of and the jokes are getting bluer due to the new scriptwriter dave freeman , there are enough truly comical moments and bright and breezy performances to lift this carry on above many of its predecessors . although the regular cast is depleted , the ones that remain show that they can still make a good carry on film . a relative flop at the cinema , this movie deserves a lot more recognition .
[40]	pos	pos	yes	bizarre . i really do not know what middle america will make of the most outrageous character of the film , ruby rhod ( chris tucker ) , a flamboyant disc jockey who makes dennis rodman look conservative--he makes a raucous entrance dressed in an animal print dress , sporting a blonde hairdo in the shape of a hair dryer , speaking in high pitches at rapid fire speed . at first this character's hyper energy is funny , but the act wears out its welcome very quickly . not irritating , but just as strange , is a musical number by blue-skinned alien chanteuse diva ( maiwenn lebesco ) , who sings--and dances--an aria that is an unlikely blend of classical opera and techno . the tune , as with the entirety of longtime besson collaborator eric serra's innovative score , is haunting , but it is also completely jarring . then there are the campy touches of humor besson and co-scripter robert mark kamen sprinkle throughout , which too often are silly and forced ; a comic sexual encounter between ruby rhod and a flight attendant is highly distracting and not very funny , to boot . the story's weakness shines through in the climax and conclusion of the fifth element . while still visually and aurally spectacular , the events detailed are not as exciting nor powerful as they should be . the big , serious dramatic climax was met with more than a few snickers , and it ambitiously strives for a profundity which the film had not even begun to work toward . as such , at the end there is a sense that there was something bigger at work here , that there was still more left to be said about this story and these characters . this suspicion was confirmed by besson himself , who told me in the lobby following the screening ( imagine that , the filmmaker watching the film with the " enemy " --the critics ) that what had made it to the screen was really just the first half of the lengthy original fifth element screenplay and that the second half--now titled mr . shadow--is still waiting to be made . still , despite the story problems , the fifth element is an artistic triumph for luc besson ; rarely does a filmmaker's original vision come to the screen in all its audacious , undiluted glory . it is a fascinating example of how of one artist's fervid imagination can transport an audience into an intoxicating fantasy world generally seen only in dreams .
[41]	pos	pos	yes	hilarious , even if that requires surprisingly graphic violence , gore , and a slew of truly hateful characters that all get what they deserve by the end . the screenplay , also written by berg , is , to put it mildly , very funny and courageous . during the second act of the film , some of the fun was beginning to slightly dwindle due to so much death , which was beginning to undermine the humor , but it eventually recouped itself with a climax that has to be seen to be believed . the dialogue is edgy and inventive , and this film proves that a movie doesn't necessarily require likable character to be extremely enjoyable . there's more fun , i think , in showing ignorable people getting their just desserts . cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends . diaz puts so much overblown energy to her character that i really do think she deserves a supporting actress oscar nomination come next january . by the time she is beating someone to death with a coat hanger , and reciting lines like , " stuff him in the crapper and get your ass upstairs , " i couldn't help but crack up at how " balls-to-the-wall " this film had become . jeanne tripplehorn creates another character original , as daniel stern's wife , who late in the picture , we discover , is a tough kick-boxer that should not be messed around with . it is at this level that , " very bad things , " was so entertaining and surprising . just when you thought you could predict what was going to happen , there would be a little twist involving the characters that would be absolutely wacky . the last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further over-the-top . although i enjoyed the film immensely , let me make this clear : " very bad things , " is not a movie for everyone . it is more tasteless than anything i have ever seen , it is more violent and bloody than a r-rated film usually is , and it is offensive . luckily , these are elements that i would prefer in a comedy , since it clearly shows the filmmakers were set on making a no-holds-barred , politically incorrect comedy . the fact that this film slipped through the cracks of the usually mainstream and " safe " wide-releases coming out lately , still gives me hope for the hollywood film industry .
[42]	pos	pos	yes	as an apple picker with a group of black migrant workers at the orchard where they lived . thus , homer begins his worldly instruction , with new friend candy kendall ( charlize theron , the astronaut's wife ) a willing tutor . tobey maguire is well cast yet again as an inherently good man who is seeking answers to life's questions . . . many of which he was unaware needed to be asked . he demonstrates a quiet strength and thoughtful curiosity that is both warm and appealing . michael caine is , in a word , brilliant as the caring caretaker of these orphans , many of whom he helped to bring into the world . calling them " princes of maine , kings of new england " in his ritualistic goodnight , mr . caine manages to communicate the love and commitment larch has towards these children without becoming maudlin or saccharine . delroy lindo ( a life less ordinary ) has many powerful moments as mr . rose , the strong and charismatic leader of the apple pickers whom homer joins . director lasse hallstrom ( what's eating gilbert grape ? ) and screenwriter/novelist john irving ( the world according to garp ) , who adapted his own work for this movie deserve much of the credit for the balanced approach to the sensitive subject matter . regardless of one's personal stand on the divisive matter of abortion , it is hard to imagine anyone becoming offended by the evenhanded treatment used by these filmmakers . the title is a reference to a list of rules posted in the quarters of the illiterate apple pickers . figuring the rules didn't apply to them since they didn't have a hand in writing them , they decide to ignore the list and make up their own rules as they go along . dr . larch , in his own way , acts similarly . there is a danger in that line of reasoning . god has also given us a set of rules . unlike the list posted in the cider house , god's rules , if followed , promise us benefits beyond our imagination . and yet , many continue to ignore his " rules " preferring to make up their own as they go through life . " trust in the lord with all thine heart ; and lean not unto thine own understanding . " proverbs 3 : 5 [kjv] just as a builder follows a designer's blueprint or a conductor follows a composer's score , why shouldn't we follow the rules of life given to us by life's architect for our own blessing ?
[43]	pos	pos	yes	such a thing . after " pretty woman , " roberts , along with meg ryan , became the reigning queen of romantic comedies ( with her latest being the just-released " runaway bride , " which repairs gere and roberts together once again ) , and no wonder . roberts has continually proven to not only be a strong actress with a flare for comedy , but also one who can efficiently do drama , and in almost every film she appears in , it is difficult not to fall in love with her along with her male co-star . an especially strong scene that gere and roberts do together takes place after edward foolishly tells one of his co-workers that vivian is actually a prostitute , and he then approaches her , making sexual advances . no only does this make vivian feel cheap , especially since she had previously been posing as a more professional , eloquent young lady , but it also maddens her that edward would demean and betray her in such a way , and ultimately causes her to question where exactly her life is leading , and if she likes this particular path . on the more dreamy side , the film is filled with romantic scenes that are simply effervescent to behold , especially one in which edward enters into the hotel's lounge to see vivian turn around and not only reveal her marvelous cocktail dress , but also her inner ( and outer ) glowing beauty . another subtle moment has vivian lovingly blowing a kiss to edward , who is asleep , and placing it on his lips , since she still is unsure if she should be getting attached to this man who may very well be out of her life forever in a short couple of days . " pretty woman " does not blatantly step wrong until the very last scene , which is a happy ending ( as you'd expect , and wouldn't have it any other way ) that somehow does not work , perhaps because of its undeniable contrivances . this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem . helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy .
[44]	pos	pos	yes	the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver . it's a movie of weddings , marriage , family , infidelity , and--oh yes--love . like 3 men and a baby , cousins is an americanized version of a french film : 1975's cousin , cousine . the plot is complicated , but it goes something like this . larry and tom are cousins , each of whom is not-so-happily-married . tom starts an affair with larry's wife , tish , and to get even , larry and tom's wife , maria , pretend to have an affair of their own . soon the pretending turns to love and cousins is off and running . cousins is populated by a wide assortment of interesting characters and caricatures . the acting is first rate down to even the smallest supporting role , and virtually every performance deserves mention . ted danson ( in his first starring film role ) finally gets to play a character with some depth and sensitivity . while larry may be confident and charming like sam malone on " cheers , " he is also complex and vulnerable , with more between his ears than empty space . as maria , isabella rossellini is a joy to watch ; she is shy , sensuous , and immensely alluring . sean young is perfectly cast as larry's picture perfect wife , tish , a superficial and trendy make-up consultant . keith coogan , from adventures in babysitting , is wonderfully weird and eccentric as larry's rebellious son , mitch . and finally , lloyd bridges in a tour de force performance is mitch's rambunctious grandfather ; he provides some of cousins' best lines and laughs . like moonstruck , cousins is a mix of drama and comedy . the film is larger than life and has a keen sense of the absurd . it understands human nature extremely well and milks it for every possible laugh and heart-tug . how often do you see a movie where you believe that two characters truly and sincerely care for and love each other , as friends and as lovers ? well , to its credit , cousins is just such a movie . let's hope the french continue to provide us with the inspiration to make films like cousins
[45]	pos	pos	yes	this remake of " la cage aux folles " features a gay couple pretending to be straight in order to pull the wool over the eyes of their son's future in-laws . the couple ( robin williams and nathan lane ) are about as archetypal , or as the less kind might put it ? stereotypical , gays possible . williams owns a nightclub featuring drag queens where his partner performs as the featured star . they live above the club in what could not possibly be mistaken as a heterosexual abode . williams is excellent as should be no surprise . gene hackman as right-wing potential father-in-law is refreshing in one of his few comedic roles . the real star is lane . his attempted transformation from one of the most obviously gay men in the world to the straight-shooting uncle is hilarious . perhaps it is a personal failing on my part , but the crying and screaming drag queen faux high drama just grates on my nerves and the first few minutes of this film are filled with it . luckily ( for me at least ) , it doesn't last long and the rest of the story focuses on the relationship between the men , their son and the deception . the question of stereotypes is a touchy one . these guys personify the homophobic gay image . you can almost hear the swishing . if you think that they are supposed to be representative of every gay man in the world , you'll be outraged . but if you can accept the view is that this is a movie about gay individuals , you'll love it . your choice .
[46]	pos	pos	yes	trilogy which means a lot of the background which was unclear and/or unexplained may be cleared up here as it is the beginning of the vast epic story . and here the most significant storyline is that involving the discovery of 10-year-old anakin skywalker ( lloyd ) , by qui-gon jinn and his introduction to the jedi council . to briefly summarize the story , jinn stumbles upon skywalker in an attempt to buy parts for queen amidala's spaceship which was damaged in efforts to free her from the federation . their meeting on tatooine is mostly chance but of course jinn chalks it up to the will of the force . jinn can feel that skywalker has a great natural power in the force , and through another sub-plot involving a bet on skywalker in a fantastic race he will enter , more and more details of his significance begin to reveal themselves . this also provides for a new elaboration and explanation of the force which has never been mentioned before . in fact , it seems to be something so important it is upsetting it has never been mentioned before . the element seriously undermines the mystical aspect of the force and transforms it into something more physical and scientific which is completely unnecessary . by the film's third act all the major significant elements become tied together in a rather familiar execution of the plot . it's funny how the reality of the `star wars' world seems so embedded in mythology , new age-like philosophy and religion and yet the solution to all the major conflicts in the series has been violence . not that this technique hasn't been used in movies and in real-life situations countless times throughout history . and at least it's all in the spirit of the ultimate powers of good versus evil in a fun and exciting matter . it does border of the cartoonish sometimes , but that's just the film appealing to our inner child , which is the basic reason the entire saga exists and has become such a big part of our modern society . `the phantom menace' delivers exactly what you'd expect from a `star wars' film which is why it succeeds as well as it does but is always why it never truly achieves greatness . so many things in the film we've seen before and done with more heart because the filmmakers concentrated just a bit more on story and character because they were limited . but this film is far from bad because it at least embraces the spirit of sheer fun at the movies .
[47]	pos	pos	yes	times , because so many situations the characters are in are undeniably familiar , as most families these days most go through the hard times , as ben and katie must . if it wasn't for the first 15 minutes that the writers wrote , which are rugged and certainly flawed , the story of us would have been this year's best picture . bruce willis , a usual action/adventure star , has certainly turned himself around in the past year- he went from being a man who was being typecast to the same role in action movies , to a distinguished , sophisticated actor , as in last summer's the sixth sense ; and now in the story of us , willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed a good script . although i wouldn't pick willis as the choice actor for ben jordan , willis handles himself nicely , and shines in a few of the film's most powerful scenes , enough that make his performance a definite contender comes awards season . where to start about michelle pfeiffer ? pfeiffer's performance is spellbinding and ultimately strong , as she brings her character to life with such charisma and emotion , you wonder how , how it is possible for someone to portray a real person with such realism . pfeiffer's performance is one that if not recognized by the academy next spring , will be in the heart's of any viewer that has watched this moving film . the story of us is one of 1999's most real , yet funny films , as the razor sharp script evens out the laughs and the tears to keep the viewer hooked . superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall . the film's major high points are the fights between ben and katie , as the two constantly accuse of each other of whose fault it is that their marriage has collapsed , and although they also say things like " it's over , " or " i hate you , " you can tell the two still share a deep connection , and that inside , somewhere , they are still an " us . " the bottom line : a wonderful , enchanting , and heartbreaking film . one of the most realistic , heartbreaking films in recent years .
[48]	pos	pos	yes	great that beatty isn't afraid to let loose on a subject . talking of beatty , he's excellent in the role of the demented senator , clearing having fun . and seeing warren beatty have fun is a rare sight indeed . even in dick tracy , he was the most straighten face actor . ( then again , he was the only characters face we could completely see . ) the film gives an opportunity for the 61 year old beatty to indulge in some rapping , which he does with gusto ( and also quite well . ) and seeing beatty as a 'homeboy' has to be seen to be believed . it's nice to see that beatty can laugh at himself . second best is oliver platt as the flustered , coke snorting assistant , who goes over the top when he finally snaps . halle berry is fine , and sexy , as the intellectual nina , who comes to like the senator . also popping up in the supporting cast is paul sorvino wit h a strange accent , laurie metcalf as the exact same characters she's also played , and christine baranski of cybill fame as bullworths wife , who all contribute to the fun . and , this being a political film , the ubiquitous larry king makes an appearance , as , * shock * , himself . the writing and directing , both by beatty , are above par . the direction is very nearly sitcom like , but suits the film perfectly , and both the politics are gangland parts are handled well . the script is funny , and the raps are actually well produced and humorous , and quite clever . they're not cringe inducing , at least . the script makes many points about society in america today , and isn't afraid to make any bold statements about what is a flawed system . best of all , the film is thought provoking , but directed and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a feather , and is very entertaining . there's also a great rap soundtrack with some well chosen tunes . bulworth is a film with many advantages , and few flaws . perhaps it could be somewhat embarrassing to see a 61 year old man rapping , but beatty does it so well it's irrelevant . in fact , there's very little against bulworth , except for the language which is very heavy , but then again it should be expected . bulworth , then , is well worth watching . a david wilcock review ? 1999 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes
[49]	pos	pos	yes	williams can cut it in the dramatic league has come down to patch adams . williams is the title character , hunter " patch " adams , sporting scruffy facial hair that falls between the clean-shavenness of dreams and the grotesque hairiness of will hunting . we're introduced to patch as he commits himself to a mental institution because of his suicidal tendancies . it's at the institution , however , that he discovers a latent talent for relating to people . he removes himself from the institution and enrolls at the university of virginia's medical college , where he finds that medical doctrine is a calculating , impersonal trade . his attempts to inject humanity into the profession result in several bouts with expulsion , and the movie climaxes with patch's appearance before the state medical board . the characters are well-defined in an oscar-worthy sense . although the script does not perform well as a narrative -- there's little story to be told outside of patch's skit-length experiences -- the script does go a long way toward building the relationships of characters . at medical school , patch meets up with truman schiff ( daniel london ) , an outsider like himself who relishes patch's zest for humanity . the two instantly become the best of friends , and it's easy to see why . monica potter plays patch's love interest , a young woman who personifies the things that patch hates about medical school . for some reason he's attracted to her , and although it never gets said , the audience understands from an intrinsic point of view . the script -- based on hunter adams' own story -- works well this way . the rest of the cast , bob gunton as the villain professor in particular , is solid . director tom shadyac ( liar liar ) leads us in and out of patch's life in a sound , intentional manner ; combined with williams' presence on screen , the movie rarely becomes boring . patch adams' lack of purpose is its major shortcoming , and for the first ninety minutes out of two hours , there's little feeling of continuity or the passage of time . nevertheless , it's an emotionally moving picture , and patch adams looks to be one of the more memorable of the holiday season . it succeeds at everything it tries , and only fails at the stuff it doesn't try in the first place . by and large there may be another oscar nomination herein for williams , but more importantly , it's entertainment for the entire family .
[50]	pos	pos	yes	anne heche ) , on a deserted island . of course , the sophisticated robin and the salt-of-the-earth quinn are at odds long before the plane goes down , and all manner of hostile repartee is exchanged between the two from their first meeting . while some of the lines fall flat , the formulaic motions work because of the unexpectedly electric chemistry between ford and heche . both actors , who have largely done serious works as of late , seem liberated by the lack of dramatic weight on their shoulders , and they deliver their zingers , as weak as they sometimes are , with beguiling abandon . naturally , there's nothing like a life-threatening crisis to bring two people together , and quinn and robin's warmup to each other is sped up even further by the arrival of some bloodthirsty pirates . granted , some conflict needed to be introduced on the island , but this tacked-on development from writer michael browning is a bit too obviously thrown in for the purpose of adding gratuitous action scenes . but the point is to get the two together , and their newfound affection causes complications for both , but mostly robin , who came to the islands on a vacation with her fiance frank ( david schwimmer ) , who frantically awaits her return on the home island . reitman , and old , reliable hand at breezy comedies , keeps the pace brisk and capably handles the more action-oriented sequences . his big accomplishment , however , is bringing the old , smiling ford back . as appealing and charismatic as he always is , ford hasn't been quite this charming and affable in years ; he's obviously having a blast , and the audience cannot help but have one along with him . holding her own is heche , whose scrappy character never becomes the screaming ninny she initially promises to be ( as the plane goes down , she frantically pops stress pills ) . she can take her lumps , physical and otherwise , just as well as quinn , making her a formidable foil and ideal match . formulaic and light as a feather , _six_days , _seven_nights_ could be cited as a classic example of the summer " popcorn " movie season's lack of substance . it's certainly fluff , but it's unpretentious , undemanding , and--most importantly--fun fluff that goes down as easily as a frothy pina colada on a balmy tropical beach . pass the popcorn .
[51]	pos	pos	yes	making the prince of egypt , dreamworks has strayed from all of these hallmarks and created a genuinely unique product . the animation is flawless , and , aside from a bug's life , is the best-looking movie to date . the animators have nimbly mixed both flat and spatial effects , and the 2d/3d combination is something that artists from disney and fox have heretofore struggled with . the key to success , however , was that the visuals were used not just because they looked cool but also as a method of advancing the plot . namely , some of the most important action sequences ( like the parting of the red sea ) were done almost entirely in 3d . dreamworks is the first studio to prove that they've got the stuff of success , and that they're capable of challenging disney . the story is also well-written , and the characters voiced with talent . for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense . the writers took a few creative liberties , and most do not damage the story in any way . in fact , the shakespearean relationship between moses ( val kilmer ) and the pharaoh rameses ( ralph fiennes ) makes the story more interesting if anything . moses , a hebrew , is saved from the slaughter of the firstborn sons by his mother when she sets him in a basket on the nile ; he floats into the pharaoh seti ( patrick stewart ) 's palace and is taken in by the royal family . moses grows up but learns of his heritage and flees into the desert , where he discovers the burning bush and is commissioned by god to return to egypt and free the slaves . by this time , rameses is now pharaoh , and the two brothers , now on opposite sides of the line , face off in a battle of wills and divine intervention . the cast of voices is most impressive , and also includes such noteables as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , and steve martin . the script does not have a lot of one-liners in it , and god is reduced to a voice that might well be mistaken for the same one that spoke to kevin costner in field of dreams , but overall the story is exciting and interesting . it's decidedly for an older crowd , and the tykes who haven't had a few years of religion class will be hopelessly lost . but for those who make the bid , the prince of egypt can be a great watch .
[52]	pos	pos	yes	capsule : a rock and roll fable , indeed . like a hubert selby , jr . novel filtered through equal parts damon runyan and bruce springsteen , and a ton of fun . streets of fire bills itself as " a rock and roll fable " , and the description is perfect . this is a stylish , great-looking , and breezily enjoyable movie that feels like a hubert selby , jr . , novel with a damon runyan rewrite , irected by bruce springsteen . noir is one of the few truly american movie genres , aside from the hollywood musical and the western . this is post-wwii brooklyn noir , for lack of a better label , with a generous injection of rock 'n roll and an all-around confrontational attitude . it all works . the plot is simplicity itself : rocker ellen aim ( diane lane ) is kidnapped by a vicious street gang , led by a bloodthirsty fellow named raven ( willem dafoe , very nasty ) . her old soldier flame ( played by michael pare ) comes back into town to save her , but doesn't count on a whole bunch of things going askew . that's about the entire plot , save for the spats with ellen's manager ( a hilarious rick moranis ) , an encounter with a doo-wop group that winds up becoming ellen's supporting act , and a whole gang of other fun little touches . but in movies like this , when is the plot important ? the movie is all style , all visuals and attitudes , quotable lines and posturing -- and it delivers all those things consistently and with great brio and pacing . no surprise that it was directed by walter hill ( 48 hrs . ) , who understands this kind of macho romanticism perfectly , and has put together a movie that's a mixture of times and sensibilities , but perfectly unified in tone . when was the last time you could say something like that about a movie , especially a movie where it seems like someone gets decked on the jaw ( * and * passes out ) every 2 . 63 minutes on cue ? streets of fire isn't the greatest movie ever made , but it occupies a totally unique little niche , and enjoys the position it has . anyone with a weakness for doo-wop , neon , motorcycles , rainy streets , the el , studebakers , gang pictures , lonely heroes , and a great-looking gal giving the microphone both lungs will eat this movie up . i did .
[53]	pos	pos	yes	love . one of the best elements of this film is watching melvin try to express feelings which are not the usual negative ones he so often shares with others . he's traveling terra incognita here , and it shows . good performances are turned in by all principal players in this film , especially by nicholson and hunt . they play well off of each other and have a genuine chemistry which makes it a pleasure to watch them on screen . greg kinnear , who is becoming known for his supporting film roles , is also very good at playing the vulnerable simon . he gives a short monologue about what it means for him to be an artist , and delivers it with such inspiration and conviction that you actually get to feel some of what he feels . cuba gooding jr . performs with a hyped-up level of energy which contrasts nicely with that of kinnear , and comes through with a near constant comic performance . the screenplay , by mark andrus and james l . brooks , is clever , touching , and funny . the best part about it , however , is that it is filled with characters we care about because they are actually interesting . melvin is a man we can't quite figure out , but whose mannerisms and quirky qualities capture our attention . carol is a working woman living with her mother , trying to take care of a child with a debilitating respiratory problem . simon is a man who is a success in his circle of peers , but who is still not accepted by much of society . combined with the talent of the actors , these characters make the film . the one noticeable area where the film is lacking , however , is the absence of cuba gooding , jr . through the second half . his character makes an exit which is supposed to be temporary , but the film ends before his return , leaving his relationship with simon and melvin unresolved . i would have liked to have seen more of his character in general , in addition to a part in the film's conclusion . there's one actor , who will probably not be recognized by any awards , but who contributes greatly to many of the movie's best scenes and who deserves mention . this is that little dog . he plays such a pivotal role to melvin's character development , actually serves to forward the plot , and has some absolutely scene-stealing moments , that it is hard to believe he is simply an animal . award or no , however , when even the dog puts in a good performance , you know you've got an outstanding movie .
[54]	pos	pos	yes	excerpted at some length here , with affection ) . starting to detect the patterns ? fast , cheap & out of control contains a multitude of parallels and tiny intersections , culminating in what feels like an elegy ( the film is dedicated to morris's late mother and stepfather ) . the film is balanced on that airy precipice dividing the already musty past from the alternately exhilarating and terrifying space that is the future . ( the title is taken from brooks' wish that nasa would send a payload of hundreds of expendable robots to scurry about the martian surface , creating a sort of road map for the terrain -- fast , cheap , and out of control . ) with able assists from editors karen schmeer and shondra merrill and cinematographer robert richardson ( oliver stone's longtime collaborator ) , this becomes a cinematic contraption that's a wonder of narrative divergence and coherence . ( further enhancing the picture's wacky intellectual mood is the playful score by alloy orchestra founder caleb sampson . ) different story threads inform and comment on one another with the serene inscrutability of a kieslowski film , or a surrealist dream . by cobbling together out of these motley musings a thesis on the nature of craftsmanship , invention , and existence itself , morris reveals the presence of cosmic themes -- creation , evolution , death -- in earthbound lives . at the same time , and just as significantly , he pays tribute to a consuming passion for one's work . this breakdown of the dichotomy between the everyday and the extraordinary is likely as profound as anything you'll encounter in pop culture this year , and the visuals cry out for the big screen . don't miss it . -------------------------------------------------------------- directed by errol morris edited by karen schmeer and shondra merrill cinematography by robert richardson music by caleb sampson u . s . , 1997 --------------------------------------------------------------
[55]	pos	pos	yes	long , actually enhance even more the purpose of the first act . the outstanding performances by de niro , walken , streep , savage , and cazale , who died very shortly after the filming of the movie was completed , really begin to shine through and promise not to halt in the near future . the second act of the movie begins with the trio of men on the front lines in vietnam , stationed in a south vietnamese village being attacked by the viet cong . the men are eventually captured and held in a floating prison on a river . this prison , run by the v . c . , initiates the horrifying scenes in the movie , where the prisoners are forced to play russian roulette against each other . steven , who is emotionally marred by this turn of events , is secluded in a tiger cage with water up to his face when he refuses to participate . michael shows his leadership again by convincing nick that the only way that steven will survive is if the two friends play against each other , and moreover , they must play with 3 bullets in the gun . personally , i felt that de niro's absolutely gripping portrayal really was displayed in a brilliant way in these and the following scenes . the men are eventually able to escape , but are separated . michael is able to get steven , who ends up losing his legs , to medical care , while nick finds his way to saigon and a u . s . army hospital . michael returns home and does not feel at all like a hero . he wants to avoid the celebrations and recognition that his friends would like to bestow upon him . he assumes that nick is still lost in vietnam . the third act concentrates more on walken's character , who eventually stumbles upon a small gambling operation where the game is , again , russian roulette . only in this game , you play for money . michael has learned that nick is possibly still alive and returns to saigon to attempt to find him . the two narrowly find each other at the russian roulette games , but do not link up until michael discovers nick participating in the games and tries to bring him home . a very emotional , and , for many , a very disturbing movie , the deer hunter is a truly magnificent movie that should not be missed . the greatest performances possible are turned in by all actors , and cimino's directing , which is considered to be at his all-time best in this film , is equally dazzling . do not miss this film , it will captivate and astound you .
[56]	pos	pos	yes	confidential is probably one of the best piece of work produced by hollywood in recent years . together with director curtis hanson ( the hand that rocks the cradle , the river wild ) whom ellroy corroborated closely throughout the shooting of the film , resulted in a movie with a plot and and script so tight , an atom would have to squeeze itself through . set in the 50s , the story revolves around 3 policemen of vivid personalities . jack vincennes ( spacey ) is the cop who is more concerned on busting with fame and stardom ala hollywood style , concentrating heavily on work which will attract him media attention . there is also the young hot-shot rookie , ed exley ( pearce ) , fresh out of the academy and all-out to carve a name for himself in the footsteps of his legendary cop father . the tough and unnerving bud white ( crowe ) , a cop who believes in justice , the swift and violent way . 3 policemen , distinct in their characters and paths but all of them working in a place where there is no real distinction between good and evil . when his partner is murdered on the day of his resignation , bud sets out to find the people responsible but unwittingly delved himself into something more than just a simple robbery murder . even after exley receives a promotion for his work on the murder case , happenings began to link itself to the murder . the 3 eventually reach a point of convergence when what actually began as a personal investigation turns out to be an uncovering of a complex web of organised-crime in hollywood . the last time i remember a film so clever and compelling was when i watched the usual suspects . in l . a . confidential , you do not get the shock and cleverness as the former but it has a lot more of `story' going for it . there is not a single moment in the film in which i felt was slow at all . surprisingly , though spacey did a very convincing job as the street-wise vincennes , the movie was carried mostly by the two rather `unknowns' , pearce and crowe . pearce's exley is cool and calculative in his actions and there is a slight hint of val kilmer in his appearance . crowe's bud white is the most impressive of all ; head-strong and temperamental , he should obtain some sort of recognition for his work here . superb acting . , wonderful storytelling and one of the best climaxing gunfights ever . easily the best hollywood piece for 1997 .
[57]	pos	pos	yes	synopsis : committed to an asylum , the marquis de sade ( rush ) continues to publish pornographic literature , aided by young maid madeleine ( winslet ) . abbe coulmier ( phoenix ) , who runs the hospital , disapproves of the stories , but humours him in the hope of achieving a cure . de sade's craft and life are threatened when the emperor dispatches dr royer-collard ( michael caine ) to stop the marquis' work , permanently . review : " quills " is an exploration of the marquis de sade : his madness , his cruelty and his perversion , his obsession with sex in any form , no matter how obscene . but " quills " also details the marquis' determination : to write in spite of the obstacles put in his path , and to propagate his words to the masses . the extent to which de sade is willing to go to practise his trade is amongst the movie's most intriguing elements , as when de sade scribes a story in his own blood , or narrates a tale via of a chain of fellow inmates , cell to cell . to provide a contrast with the marquis , wright involves him with two very different characters . one is the abbe , a handsome , charming and kindly man whose desires are stymied by his oath to god . the abbe lusts for madeleine , but it is the wizened marquis who is able to have her . and then there is royer-collard , a hypocrite who in truth is as sadistic as any of the marquis' motley creations . rush is splendid as de sade , utterly inhabiting the character . kaufman's direction is fine , and he is able to bring a sense of bizarre humour to the grim proceedings . the plot itself is rather mundane and plays out unsurprisingly , but this is virtually unimportant . for two hours , " quills " acquaints us with the marquis de sade -- and , more frightening still , allows us brief insight into his scatological soul .
[58]	pos	pos	yes	frenzy isn't helped any when camera crews from every conceivable news magazine and " entertainment tonight " wannabe show up at greenleaf high the very next morning . one particular reporter is peter malloy ( tom selleck ) of " inside entertainment " , who unlike the collage of other reporters , wants to spend a whole week in the life of howard brackett , including coverage of his wedding . the intrusion is all but welcome by howard , who is going more and more out of his mind with each passing minute . it seems that no matter where he turns , a camera is being shoved in his face and questions regarding homosexuality are being tossed to him like frisbees . the dominoes begin to tumble as howard's closest friends begin acting different and principal halliwell hints at a possible termination of employment should howard indeed be gay . it all sounds very devastating , and it would be if it weren't presented with near-perfection by one of this year's most delightful ensemble casts . kline seems only to improve with age , and he is downright perfect here . the great thing about this film is that every single character has a moment to shine , and they use it wonderfully . every single actor turns in one of their best performances ever . dillon has never been so likeable , cusack has never seemed so perfect for a role , and brimley , reynolds , and newhart all provide huge laughs when they're up to bat . rudnick's script is heavily laced with wit and humor , and you'll likely find yourself laughing out loud for a solid ninety minutes . while in & out doesn't carry enough to give it four stars , it remains one of the best done films of the year , all-around . the script is exuberant , the actors are absolutely top- notch , and we're allowed just the perfect blend of heart-tugging so as not to bog down the laughs . it remains a solid comedy throughout its entirety , yet we're still allowed a sappily touching ending . despite it's subject matter , and one scene that comes almost too close for comfort on explaining gay sex , this is a movie that everyone could , and should , enjoy . frank oz , best known as a voice talent for muppets , directs this film quite delightfully , using all the potential rudnick's script has to offer , which turns out to be quite a bit . check this one out . you'll have a gay old time .
[59]	pos	neg	no	her head away from the mirror . ted teaches his young neighbor about the wonders of literature ( after his cheapskate mother gives him a library card for his birthday ) , dispenses prophetic words of wisdom and even pays bobby one dollar a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for the low men , a group of people chasing ted to exploit his special powers . i won't go into what these powers are , but they're considerably toned down from the book ( and don't involve black stuff flying out of ted's mouth , a la mile ) . atlantis' present-day setting which bookends the film is based on the novel's final chapter , titled heavenly shades of night are falling , and features david morse ( in yet another connection to the green mile ) as a married , middle-aged bobby who learns of the death of both of his childhood friends and returns to the dilapidated boarding house in which he spent his formative years . atlantis is nowhere near as flashy as hicks' cedars , which is disappointing but understandable considering the switch from the completely amazing robert richardson to the occasionally amazing piotr sobocinski , the oscar-nominated cinematographer behind krzysztof kieslowski's red . the acting is solid from everyone , including hopkins , who never once makes you think of dr . lecter . most impressive are youngsters yelchin and boorem , who both had tiny parts in along came a spider . while i didn't really have much of a problem with goldman's screenplay , i do need to point out at least one inconsistency . goldman , for those of you who don't read premiere , writes what seems like an annual criticism of everybody else's films , carefully explaining why they all suck , make no sense and insult their audiences , while somehow failing to mention the crap that he's penned ( like the general's daughter ) . it's mean-spirited but fun to read , mostly on account of nobody else in hollywood having the balls to say anything remotely negative about anybody else in the business ( including michael jackson , o . j . and robert blake ) . in atlantis , which is supposed to be told through the eyes of young bobby , one would assume he would have to be in each scene in order to have the memory to which to flash back . well , he's not , and it doesn't make sense . 1 : 41 - pg-13 for violence and thematic elements
[60]	pos	pos	yes	who has bribed the police in an effort to gain control of see's night club . the two bothers are arrested and held until they manage to escape just before dawn . jessica , having waited outside in the cold with her manager all night , gives up and returns home . see decides to retire , he gives the night club to wing jing , as repayment for saving his life during an attempted murder . see arranges the trade and ask his lover ( valerie chow ) to take care of wing jing . unfortunately , she has sided with yeung seung . the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow . the comic turn by yuen wah , previously known as the mad vietnamese in samo hung's " eastern condors " , is a marvelous surprise . his gift for comedy is marvelously understated and hilarious . the stand-out is by yuen biao who returns to the screen after a string of disappointments , with a stellar performance . his tam see is a triad boss who knows that his time is coming to an end but still has the cunning and craft to uphold his pride . his gangster is almost non-violent , in that he only retaliates , never instigates violence . but when the time comes to fight , yuen biao has never looked better . corey yuen directs the film with a maturity and a sense of pacing that has been lacking in hong kong movies as of late . the lighting , cinematography and staging of the film are beautiful to watch . the action scenes do not disappoint either . this is the most aggressive and inventive martial art choreography i've seen in some time , actually surpassing jackie chan's work in both 'rumble in the bronx' and 'first strike' . the special effects team deserves praise for a fantastic job of making the impossible look possible . an early fight between takeshi kaneshiro and yuen biao on the back of a horse is to be seen to be believed . also noteworthy is the score for the film , done in a marvelously lush orchestral style , not representative of most hong kong fare . i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year . all in all , " hero " marks a grand return to filmmaking for shaw brothers . this is the film that gives us faith that hong kong cinema is alive and flourishing .
[61]	pos	pos	yes	synopsis : in this cultural exploration , a chinese american computer engineer named fang ( peter wang ) decides to take a month-long vacation to visit his sister mrs . chao ( shen guanglan ) , her husband mr . chao ( hy xiaoguang ) , and their teenage daughter lili ( li qinqin ) in beijing after 30 years of separation . fang brings his asian american wife grace ( sharon iwai ) and his college-aged son paul ( kelvin han yee ) along , both of whom don't speak chinese . the encounter between the two families allows the audience to compare the eastern and western cultures as well as the ambitions of individual characters . opinion : sometimes a film is plot driven . sometimes it's a character sketch . a great wall ( 1986 ) can be called a culture sketch , as opposed to a character sketch because it gently compares a chinese american family to a beijing family . fang's family is thoroughly americanized . fang is an upper middle class professional who enjoys jogging and argues with his boss . his wife can't cook chinese . his son has a white girlfriend and complains of racism when fang encourages him to befriend an asian girl . meanwhile fang's beijing sister advocates absolute loyalty to the 'work unit . ' her husband is a retired official who has heard rumors of american depravity ( homosexuals running the streets ) , and her daughter lili longs for american freedoms in a youth culture where studying for college entrance exams is the most important thing in life . the two families spend a month slowly learning about each other . there is no ultimate 'answer' or final comprehensive understanding after the month-long vacation . the film is neither here nor there ; it's a neutral , meandering , gentle , portrait of life on both sides .
[62]	pos	neg	no	above its predecessor is in its suspense sequences . they're staged much more imaginatively here ( save for the first post-prologue murder , which is handled in such a mediocre , conventional fashion that it seems to be culled directly from the predictable 1980s slasher flicks that the first film satirized ) , and are much more fun to watch . it's hard to hold back a smile during a giddy scene where sidney and her companion have to climb over the incapacitated killer in order to escape from a car wreck , and a cat-and-mouse chase involving gale and dewey in a campus sound lab is very nicely staged , although its ultimate resolution is hilariously overblown . in terms of its characters , the strong part of the film is the interesting relationship between gale and dewey ( who ambles onto the screen accompanied by his very own theme music ) . their verbal sparring at the outset provides much humour -- an exchange where dewey defensively rebukes charges of a perceived aura of incompetency is well-written -- and there's a curiously endearing aspect about their relationship amidst all the mayhem and bloodshed . on the other hand , sidney is pretty dull here . she doesn't have any compelling presence , and there's nothing particularly interesting about her this time around to make us care about her other than that she's the returning heroine . given this , and the fact that there's no strong second banana character for sidney ( elise neal's role isn't nearly substantive enough to adequately fill rose mcgowan's shoes ) , it's no wonder why the roles for gale and dewey have been significantly augmented for this installment of the film . what surprises me the most about scream 2 is its zealousness in decimating its cast . the film's mounting body count bears out the fact that * no * character is safe ( well , * almost * ) ; while in principal i applaud this bold policy , at some point you've got to be wondering about just how many characters will make it to the next sequel . ( i was particularly surprised with the untimely demise of one in particular , whose casting for the next installment of the series would've seemed obvious . ) but hey , as rose mcgowan's character said in the first film : " no , please don't kill me , mr . ghostface -- i want to be in the sequel ! " look what that got her .
[63]	pos	pos	yes	by mr . wright , which won the academy award and golden globe awards for best song -- indeed , one of the many little joys in screening the film during its re-release was listening to children scattered throughout the audience singing along with the tune -- but my favourite is ms . benson's heartfelt rendition of the ballad " part of your world " , an achingly beautiful tune of yearning and hope ( wonderfully lyricized by mr . ashman ) which , accompanied by the film's most dazzlingly polished animation sequence , packs an emotional wallop which literally brought tears to my eyes . during the song's reprise , which builds to a crescendo with ariel arching on a rock as a wave crashes in , the cumulative effect is nothing short of breathtaking , and one becomes acutely aware that this single instance is one of the finest in animation history . as of this writing , november 1997 has come to an end , as has disney's limited 17-day re-release of the little mermaid . there's no question that the primary motivation for , if not the film's reissue itself , at least its timing , was to reinforce disney's dominance in the animation market and provide direct competition to fox's costly new upstart animation division and their first major venture , anastasia . in every respect , the re-release of the little mermaid appears to be a success -- the film's 1997 grosses have pushed its cumulative domestic gross over the magic $100 million mark ; the little mermaid proved to have remarkably strong drawing power for a film initially released only eight years ago and in many homes on video , pulling in close to $10 million in its opening weekend ; and although nobody could possibly expect the little mermaid to possibly defeat the aggressively-marketed anastasia in head-to-head competition , it siphoned enough from the fox film's opening weekend totals to keep anastasia from the coveted weekend leader spot , allowing for disney's odious flubber to sweep in on the subsequent week and wrestle the family demographic market share away . but although disney's motives in the reissue of the little mermaid were self-serving and protectionist , the real winner is the public . any reason to put this film back into theatres is a good one , and it's a true joy to see this heartwarming gem back on the silver screen . the little mermaid is the best film to come out of the disney's modern animation renaissance , and one of the greatest animated films ever made .
[64]	pos	pos	yes	with his new bb gun replaced that of sugarplums dancing in his head . shepard's first-hand commentary of several situations is not only downright hilarious , but also witty and warm , with various metaphorical meanings that ring perfectly with the essence of comic timing . on top of that , young billingsley's stupefied reactions to each predicament is absolutely perfect in contrast with the narration . director bob clark captures the look and feel of the era with wonderful technicality . i can hardly imagine a more accurate depiction of what christmas for young ralphie must have been like . 2 ) mom and dad . both melinda dillon ( as mom ) and darren mcgavin ( as ? the old man' ) are perfect in their roles . it's hard to fathom a more agreeable pair for the requirements of a story like this one , with each possessing at least one memorable trait that instantly separates them from the wooden caricatures that could have been featured . for instance , he is a bloodthirsty turkey hound , and she is forgiving and understanding when it comes to some serious issues . in portraying the writer as a persistent but mild-mannered young lad , peter billingsley has struck quite the chord . his performance is richly textured , making all of the humorous situations he stumbles into radiate with flavor and enjoyment . which brings us to . . . . 3 ) the comic situations . there are plenty of memorable moments in `a christmas story' . moments that undoubtedly will improve in comic potency upon each new viewing , with so much more to explore and to cherish . i am particularly partial of the ? f-word scene' , in which ralphie blurts out the shocking four-letter obscenity while helping the old man in the yard . again , shepard's method of handling this amusing scenario is nothing short of comic wizardry . the numerous sequences that stick in one's mind include , of course , the famous department store santa scene - in which billingsley has some problems in telling old saint nick what he wants under the tree . i could go on , but i'll finish on this note : `a christmas story' is a standout among holiday movies , because it captures so much in a meager 90 minutes . not only is it funny , it's often genuinely hilarious . . . . not to mention warm , fluffy and touching in all the appropriate places . i plan on making `a christmas story' a christmas tradition . why don't you ?
[65]	pos	pos	yes	that helps make the film worth sitting through . i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale . heavy spoiler . . . heavy spoiler . . . heavy spoiler . . . heavy spoiler . . . during the strange climactic event of the film we get multiple messages from the filmmaker that the event we are seeing really does happen . and in actual fact , it does . since biblical times rains of frogs have been interpreted as signs of displeasure of the gods . it is , however , a perfectly natural , if somewhat unnerving , phenomenon . the cause is associated with whirlwinds . we know that tornadoes over land can rip up land and even objects of some size from the ground and hurl them into the air , holding them aloft . the reader may remember the unfortunate cow in twister . smaller objects can be hurled high into the atmosphere and then be kept aloft by the updrafts for surprisingly long periods of time much as hail and chunks of ice are . when the whirlwind is over water , animals near the surface , frequently fish and frogs , may suffer the same fate . essentially they are vacuumed up by the whirlwind , held aloft by updrafts , and finally dropped elsewhere . so while the rain is possible , some doubts do creep in . the rain of frogs depicted in this film may be of greater scale than i had pictured for a rain of frogs . it seems unlikely the frogs would still be alive when dropped . it is not clear that geographic conditions are right for los angeles to have this sort of phenomenon . ( frankly i have no idea on these points . ) otherwise the event was quite believable . what we see in this film is much more credible than the phenomena we saw in volcano . in the film it is left ambiguous if the rain is a sign from god since there are many references to exodus 8 : 2 . " and the frogs shall come up both on thee and upon thy people , and upon all thy servants . " however a rain of frogs , though it feels biblical , is most definitely not a biblical portent . note that the previous verse says " and the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly which shall go up . . . , " so the bible is referring not to a rain but to an infestation from the river . the only other reference to frogs in the bible is as a symbol for uncleanness in revelation 16 : 13 .
[66]	pos	pos	yes	to vega ( where the signal seems to have originated ) . the media swarms , fanatics go further off the deep end , scientists clamor for new information , politicians huddle in discussion of appropriate actions to take , and presidents are morphed into a celluloid reality ( remember when zemeckis couldn't get enough of this in forrest gump ? ) . as if that weren't enough , ellie's discovery leads her to the nation's capital where she again runs into palmer . contact is based on the novel by carl sagan and deals heavily with the subject of science vs . religion . the impressive thing is how well both aspects are presented , with no signs of bias . arguments for both sides are intelligent , solid , and thought-provoking . when palmer joins a selection committee to choose an ambassador to vega ( of which ellie is a leading candidate ) , personal convictions play a more important role than love interests . the question is , can a person who doesn't believe in god truly be the best representative of earth when 90% of the planet * does * believe in a higher power ? even when the film wraps up , it's uncertain whether it's meant to play as an advocate for religion , science , both , or even neither , and in our modern day society where " right and wrong " is only opinion ( at least speaking " politically correctly " ) , the ambiguity is an incentive . don't get me wrong . as much as it sounds like it , contact isn't merely a theology class rolled into a reel of film . it's a * highly * enjoyable two and a half hours . despite its seemingly heavy issues , it's not a tedious undertaking to watch this film . the special effects are outstanding , though ( warning ! ) highly depreciated on the small screen . even so , some of the subtle visual effects ( that will likely go unnoticed by many ) are even more impressive than ones more recognizable as " sci-fi " . the storytelling is rich and complete , and although there are moments in the film that feel quite pretentious ( and at times , even hokey ) , it's easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci-fi films i've ever seen . this is zemeckis' best since back to the future , and for those of us who actually know that forrest gump was astronomically overrated , zemeckis now has real reason to boast .
[67]	pos	pos	yes	family . guido has finally fulfilled his dream of opening a bookstore . but racial and anti-semitic tensions are on the rise in italy , and guido has determined to do his best to shield his son from these harsh realities . the task becomes even the more difficult when the family is deported to a concentration camp . here , guido must use all his skill and imagination not only to shield his son , but to keep him from being exterminated . it is at this juncture in life is beautiful may tend to offend those whom the holocaust has touched . for the scenes in the concentration camp lack the horror , the pain , the unimaginable suffering of a schindler's list . true , many italian jews were not deported until the war was nearly over , and most were not sent to the death camps , but to work camps where they were used as slave labor . unlike steven spielberg , benigni is not out to tell the story of the holocaust . his story is about family and the lengths a parent will go to protect a child . for guido , to save his son , transforms the entire experience into an elaborate game . giosue ? must follow the rules without question to amass 1 , 000 points . the winner takes home a tank . therefore , guido tells him , he must remain hidden in the barracks . he cannot make a sound nor allow the guards to see him . guido explains this during a hilarious sequence when a german guard barks the camp instructions to the newly arrived inmates . guido , lying that he understands german and can translate for his fellow prisoners , instead lays down the rules for his son to allow him a chance to survive . throughout their imprisonment , guido's quick thinking continually keeps his son from harm's way . ultimately , the allies rescue the camp . in a poignant scene , giosue ? comes out of hiding just as an american tank rolls into the compound . the boy goes wide-eyed with wonderment and delight , thinking he has won the game . the price for his victory is most high . benigni has succeeded in using the blackest moment in human history to prove that even in hell , a ray of hope and salvation can penetrate the darkness . life is beautiful is a fantasy , a fable . it is not to be taken as a record of the holocaust . those who object to it are missing its point . and that is simply where there is hope , where there is life and where there is love , the spark of humanity will never be extinguished . committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
[68]	pos	pos	yes	character with depth and focus . by the end of the film the audience actually finds themselves , somewhat grudgingly , liking larry flynt . this is some feat given flynt's apparent lack of any morals or ethics and his extremely smutty and childish behaviour in court . however , flynt has a number of things going for him , he's rich , he's funny , and most importantly , he says exactly what he means . larry flynt's wife , althea leasure is played by courtney love . larry meets althea at one of his clubs , and they fall in love ( a very sexual and open love ) . both of them indulge in a world of too much sex , and eventually too much drugs . flynt had been taking an excessive amount of pain killers after being paralysed from the waist down ( which was especially upsetting for him ) by an assassin . althea had joined him in taking the drugs . following an operation flynt decides to stop taking drugs , althea does not have any such plans , nor the determination to follow them . as the film progresses we see her become increasingly frail and sick . courtney love obviously has a great understanding for althea's situation , as she is brilliant in portraying althea in every respect . it's extremely sad to watch althea literally wither away . edward norton plays flynt's lawyer , alan isaacman . again , this is a solid performance . the audience finds it easy to sympathise with isaacman who somehow puts up with flynt's courtroom antics . flynt is not only childish in the courtroom , but downright rude to the judges , and lands himself in a lot of trouble ( and even in a mental institution ) because of it . isaacman is very easy to like , and great at proving ( in quite clever ways ) his points to the court . milos forman has done a great job in directing the people vs . larry flynt . it is not really an exciting or thrilling film , but instead a highly interesting portrayal of a true story . due to larry's character it is also , at times , a very funny film . however , it is much more than that . it is about the fight for freedom of speech , anti-censorship , and the right to be able choose for oneself what to see and buy . an excellent look at flynt , his life , and his story . keep a look out for the real larry flynt who makes a cameo as judge morrissey .
[69]	pos	pos	yes	to their personal paradise , to some a personal playground -- a life without any consequences . for others - a way to start over and " correct " their mistakes , by living in an illusion of their past . virtual reality is a wizard that transforms your hopes , dreams and fantasies to life . at least that's how it is all beginning . but when you're waking up from your dream , the real world seems worthless and unreal and all you can think off is returning to your personal paradise . this , almost narcotic effect , soon turns into confusion and ultimately madness . some important and interesting philosophical questions are raised -- what is real ? what is thought ? who are we ? if these were answered , this film would be the greatest science fiction ever made . they are off course not answered , but posed in an intelligent manner . the visual aspect of the film is one of the key elements , since it portrays the contrast between these computer-simulated universes . kirk m . petrucelli has done a marvelous job with the recreation of the thirties with its glamour , grace and color ; and setting this world in opposition to our own -- an almost caricatured recreation of the nineties . there are some honest and decent performances by an almost unknown cast and harald klose's moody musical score that is at in right place at the right time . a rather unusual thing about'the thirteenth floor' is the almost complete lack of special effects . there are no cgi animated creatures , no bullets in slow motion . this is a more philosophical approach , reminding about the european way of filmmaking . this is off course a major disappointment to the audience that is used to endless gunfights and mutated amphibians , but the more serious science fiction buffs and 'dark city'-fans will be pleased . this film is interesting and inspiring . it has everything existenz doesn't , but it lacks the immediacy and intensity of the matrix . and then there is a happy end which , like in 'dark city' , completely alienates it from the rest of the story and context . the plot itself is not as original as the filmmakers want us to think , since they have virtually sucked out all information from the best science fiction classics , including blade runner and 'dark city' . with this in mind , 'the thirteenth floor' doesn't make an oscar candidate or a film that will be remembered a year from now , yet this is a beautiful , elegant and intelligent take on virtual reality .
[70]	pos	pos	yes	i don't know what movie the critics saw , but it wasn't this one . the popular consensus among newspaper critics was that this movie is unfunny and dreadfully boring . in my personal opinion , they couldn't be more wrong . if you were expecting airplane ! -like laughs and agatha christie-intense mystery , then yes , this movie would be a disappointment . however , if you're just looking for an enjoyable movie and a good time , this is one to see . honest , it is . this story is about a 4th network , wbn , taking to america's airwaves in 1939 . penny henderson ( mary stuart masterson ) , the station owner's secretary , must deal with her overbearing boss , an unimpressed sponsor and writers ready to quite on a moment's notice , partly due to the fact that they haven't been paid in weeks . among the mayhem , she must also deal with her soon-to-be ex-husband , roger ( brian benben ) who desperately wants her back . unfortunately , her problems only get worse as the night goes on and the body count rises without explanation . while trying to woo penny back , roger must deal with the police and try to find the killer that lurks at wbn . mary stuart masterson does well in her role as penny ( i'm trying to be unbiased so i won't tell you how amazing she looked ) , although brian benben gets most of the screen time . along with the two leads , are several recognizable faces , including corbin bernsen ( l . a . law ) , michael mckean ( laverne & shirley ) and bobcat goldthwait . the special effects are amazing , and fooled me ( which some may argue isn't very difficult to do ) in many scenes . although the movie sometimes goes overboard with the physical comedy , it more than makes up for those mistakes throughout the movie . overall , i gave it , or an , depending on what system you use . some comments collected from friends :
[71]	pos	pos	yes	dogs . the dog on speed sequence alone is worth the price of admission , and belongs in the film comedy hall of fame . and yet , for all the targets that are hit , the film maintains its sweet tone . mary , playing the straight role , is as sweet and caring as she is beautiful . she is totally devoted to caring for her mentally handicapped brother , warren ( w . earl brown--miles away from the cameraman in _scream_ ) . mary+s sunniness carries the film here--it compliments the below-belt gags that come at you . cameron diaz makes her totally charming , and the audience respects her , even though women in general do not usually undress before an open window . ben stiller also fares very well , totally changing his image from his _reality bites_ and _flirting with disaster_ straight men to being a , ( how to say it ? ) , a complete loser . braces , greasy long hair , not too bright , and very very funny . dillon is exceptionally creepy , especially with his capped teeth . and rounding out the cast is ted+s friend dom ( chris elliot ) , tanning addict magda ( lin shaye ) , modern troubador/greek chorus ron lichman , and mary+s sweet mom , markie post ( where has she been ? ! ) . not everything works . chris elliot+s role , skin blemishes and all , becomes merely tasteless and boring . there+s lousy dialogue about eight-minute vs . seven minute exercise tapes . and there are long stretches without much going on . but the wait is worth it . when those extraordinary sequences hit , the entire theater erupted with howls , tears . belly-aches , that in some sequences carried over to the following scene . the farrelly brothers have finally done it . yes , there are some raunchy bits , but when it is all over , it+s not nearly as bad as it could have been . while tasteless , it didn+t cross any lines , at least not with me . while raunchy , it wasn+t nearly as bad as _porky+s_ or _boogie nights_ . and it is sweet enough to be considered a date flick . after the funny but sour _kingpin_ left a negative aftertaste in my palate , comes the funniest sex farce since _a fish called wanda_ . approach this with an open mind , and you will reap the benefits hugely .
[72]	pos	pos	yes	greatest gifts and in " live flesh " he gives us a twisting , turning , compelling tale peppered with well-written , colorful characters . characters who find themselves , more often than not , in carefully-constructed scenes like these . characters played by actors we might not know , but who look strikingly familiar nevertheless . take the ruggedly handsome victor plaza ( liberto rabal ) , for instance . before he gets out of prison he could easily be mistaken for that almod ? var favorite , antonio banderas . when we first meet elena ( francesca neri ) , the woman in the middle of the nervous shakedown , she looks like spice girl barbie with her frizzy shock of orange hair , but later tones down her look sufficiently to pass for juliette lewis . elena's husband david ( javier bardem ) is the cop crippled in the shooting and he wears david schwimmer's bemused expression throughout . playing the inebriated cop and his cheating wife are jos ? sancho and angela molina--no lookalikes spring to mind , but they round out the excellent cast . it's a credit to almod ? var's craft that these five individuals cross paths and intertwine with such credulity . " live flesh " begins and ends with a live birth and the film's contradictions come almost as often as the contractions . between the two childbearings , coincidence , irony , and a hefty dollop of sex form the key elements of this thoroughly entertaining film . although based on a ruth rendell story , " live flesh " is brimming with the acclaimed spanish director's high-heeled flourishes . women are at times alluring and repulsive , their extravagant hairdos and animal print coats providing colorful highlights to the intricately-woven drama , an eye bruised by an abusive husband here , a mouth bloodied by an impromptu delivery there . while in prison , victor learns bulgarian from an inmate and learns to love the bible , quoting from deuteronomy thereafter not unlike the way by which david and sancho refer to themselves as " guardians of a sick flock . " victor's pre-fab inheritance is a shambles in a slum resembling sarajevo . " dear son , i got cancer " his mother writes to him in jail . she dies before he is released and it's at the cemetery that victor is reacquainted with elena--redemption , ultimately , substituting for revenge .
[73]	pos	pos	yes	with stars like sigourney weaver ( " alien " trilogy ) and academy award winner holly hunter ( the piano , raising arizona , etc . ) together in a single hollywood production , one would immediately identify the film as a potential academy award hot shot . sadly for copycat , though tightly scripted and nicely plot , is still at heart , a typical hollywood thriller . helen ( weaver ) , after a traumatic near death encounter with a serial killer , darryl ( harry connick jr . ) , has developed a phobia for being outdoors , so to speak . incidentally , helen is also an expert on the subject of serial killers , which make her a juicy target for serial killer wannabes . a year has passed and strange deaths begin to terrorise the city of san francisco . detective monahan ( hunter ) and getz ( mulroney ) , baffled by the unorthodox methods of killing used by the killer , seeks the professional help of helen , who , as expected was reluctant at first . copycat " borrows " a lot from silence of the lambs and in most cases , it did work . but copycat tries to be a little bit more by immersing the audience into the lives of its main characters to give them more believability , this was rather unnecessary as the scenes seem to disrupt the mood of the entire film and also . . . much of the time wasted could've been used to build up the suspense and injected with drama . even so , weaver and hunter act very well in their own departments . . . weaver being the vulnerable yet strong-within character ( as in aliens ) and hunter being the short , tough , texan speaking cop ( as in raising arizona ) . harry connick jr . , a very good jazz singer , shines as the imprisoned serial killer a la hannibal lecter . which comes to the moment of judgement ( drum roll please . . . ) . copycat is a good thriller . although the plot is highly predictable and one can actually predict the rest of the movie after about 45 minutes into the show , copycat survives from the moments of anticipation where the audience are held on to their seats , in anticipation of the killers next immediate move . this worked pretty well and will offer audiences a couple of unexpected jolts . nice movie to bring your girlfriend to . . . .
[74]	pos	pos	yes	operation but after 7 years , it reappeared again within the orbit of neptune . a search and rescue team led by miller ( fishburne ) is given the task to check for survivors of the event horizon . the designer of the ship , dr . weir ( neill ) follows along to satisfy his curiosity on what actually happened to his otherwise technologically impressive ship . event horizon is a sci-fi horror film , much truer to the word than say , alien would ever be . while in alien , the crew has to cope with a ferocious creature while encased within tight spaces , in event horizon , the forces which goes against the crew is undefined but yet so powerful and horrifying . the story unfolds itself slowly and the suspense buildup is superb , up till the point where i really felt like saying out loud `enough ! i can't stand this anymore ! ' . there are more than enough jolts to send your adrenalin pumping overtime . the story in itself is not exactly something very exciting and also , the acting is only at most , average by most commercial standards . even so , the essence of horror is carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well-paced storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship board ) . director paul anderson ( who did mortal kombat ) and his team of `atmosphere' creators have done well in keeping event horizon within the bounds of the term `horror' . this picture did not do very well in the us box-office most probably for the dread-factor impact it has on most audiences ; people will not see it again and not many would recommend their friend to watch this . although on the face of it , event horizon is mostly molded for mass-entertainment ; many thrills , spills and suspense to keep audiences in focus . however , the offbeat horror element which it ultimately convey audiences is very disturbing . my friend and i could not say a word to each other for quite a while after going through the `experience' of event horizon . i guess it was just the immense feeling of dread which the film had cast upon us . be forewarned , this film is not for the faint-hearted nor for pure entertainment . be prepared to be disturbed if you should decide to watch this film ! event horizon is highly recommended ? ? but at your own risk ! it has been a long time since good-horror embraced the big screen , and event horizon is one .
[75]	pos	pos	yes	and unchallenging movies have gotten lately . ( i suspect the sex scenes in movies like el topo and salo would probably melt the synapses of most modern audiences . ) the plot is simple but not simpleminded . sweetback , hassled by two white cops who are apparently just looking for an excuse to beat up on a black man , breaks his bonds and runs like hell . along the way he moves through a good many of the kinds of environments that we are only just now being seen in a more serious light in the movies -- or at all , for that matter : the slums , the missions , the ghetto . in other , lesser , movies , sweetback would be machine-gunning everything in sight and the end credits would roll over a pile of bodies ; in this one , we get taken on a kind of a tour of the depressing and anarchic world that sweetback takes for granted . ssbas first appeared in 1971 and was promptly rated x ( " by an all-white jury " , as director melvin van peebles crowed in his legendary ad campaigns ) , and it's hardly surprising why . there's a good deal of sex in the movie , but it's handled in a way that's unsettlingly frank -- a frankness that spills over into the rest of the movie . in one scene , sweetback visits a friend's house in the hope of getting sanctuary there , and the other man chats him up while on the toilet . we're not used to coming this close to people in real life , let alone in the movies -- especially not people who are not made out to be glamorous . the movie is also full of experimental stylistics that are relatively unused today , but probably because of that seem curiously fresh and new in van peebles' hands . one scene , in which a man is interrogated by the cops , is loaded full of menacing energy as they fire off a gun inches from his ears , and suggest his deafness through a cleverly edited soundtrack . another note : ssbas is not so much anti-white ( that would be too easy ) as anti-authority , and as the movie goes on to demonstrate , authority exists in many forms -- governments , churches , and even the paranoid inside of one's own mind . ssbas is ultimately about thirsting for freedom -- and it looks like we could use a little more of that in our movie diet , god knows .
[76]	pos	pos	yes	family . the movie bombed at the box office , and i had never really liked the saturday night live sketch on which the movie was based . my real concern , though , was the general reputation of snl-related movies translating to the big screen with less-than-stellar results ( half-baked , anyone ? ) i was surprised to discover a truly entertaining , often hilarious yet also touching little film . it is an al franken production through-and-through , who not only created the title character but also wrote and starred in the picture . for those of you who don't know , al franken plays a guy named stuart smalley , who has a really annoying show on a public-access station about increasing your self-esteem , etc . although not a licensed therapist , stuart smalley is , as the program proudly boasts , " a graduate of several 12-step programs . " stuart is doing well enough with his tv show , but he keeps getting distracted by family troubles . stuart's relatives are a mess : his dad and brother ( harris yulin and vincent d'onofrio , respectively ) are alcoholics , his sister is overweight and getting over another divorce , and his mom is in constant self-denial and solves all perceived problems by baking . then , disaster strikes . stuart accidentally insults the manager of the station and gets his show revoked . he is forced to move back in with his family after he can no longer support himself , and there the comedy truly picks up . franken wrote all of the characters not just as cliches or stereotypes , but as sharply-drawn , real people . although smalley's dad has always imbibed too much , stuart can still recall times when his father seemed like an okay guy . also , after an accident towards the end of the movie , both stuart and the audience learn that there is more to his mother than previously thought . although filled with small , very funny scenes , stuart saves his family also has its share of dramatic moments , especially towards the conclusion . for a lightweight comedy , it handles these scenes especially well , often better than many so-called " serious dramas " of today . all the more amazing is that such a movie comes from a saturday night live sketch that is essentially a one-joke bit . if you feel like renting a comedy , and you haven't seen this film , i definitely recommend you try this one out . you'll laugh . . . you'll cry . . . . it's all there .
[77]	pos	pos	yes	each other , " the twin's biggest , but not their only secret , is that they've had a long-term incestuous relationship . they don't like to discuss it , although they are not particularly ashamed of it . perfect for viewers who can appreciate perverse comedy , this story never pulls its punches . jackie-o tries in many ways , few subtle , to show that she is a better match for marty than that ditzy fiancee of his . in one scene marty and lesly are playing chop sticks together on the piano when jackie-o pushes her aside and starts playing a challenging classical piece for four hands . marty joins her as his fiancee looks on with envy . the chemistry between parker posey and josh hamilton is nothing short of amazing . they put down their little brother and most of the other sane people in the world . their ripostes are engaging filmmaking at its best . director mark waters keeps the show's energy level high and lets the leads sling zingers at each other at a furious pace . his crisp direction ensures the movie has nary an ounce of fat on it . jackie-o is temperamentally incapable of being nice . and being jealous , she cuts lesly down mercilessly . " were you poor ? " jackie-o asks her when she finds that lesly committed the crime of growing up impoverished . " did you eat pies ? chicken pot pies ? " " pancakes actually , lots of pancakes , " lesly replies with her usual sincerity . " a donut king , so is she like the queen ? , " jackie-o cattily inquires of marty when she learns that lesly works at a donut king . " are we entertaining royalty ? " with rolfe kent's whimsically sinister music it never seems clear where the story is headed . will it end in a big emotional explosion , a murder , people slowly cutting each other up with words , a familial catharsis , a weather disaster or what ? the emotionally charged play is clearly going somewhere , and the engaging characters captivate the audience with their spell . i'll not say more except that the ending is perfect and a bit of a surprise . the house of yes runs a blazing fast 1 : 25 . it is rated r for sexual situations and conversations , mature themes , violent overtones and some profanity . the movie would be fine for older and mature teenagers , i . e . , treat the movie as it were rated nc-17 .
[78]	pos	pos	yes	light comes falling out of the sky , truman hears people tracking his movements on the radio and he swears he sees his dead father . we learn through a flashback that his father drowned when truman was a child , sailing through a rainstorm . the death was staged by director christof ( ed harris ) , who wanted to put a fear of water into truman to keep him from leaving the island . similar cruel manipulations keep him from stumbling upon the truth , not the least of them truman's best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) , who assures him he's not in on any conspiracy because the last thing he'd ever do is hurt him . as truman's trusting eyes tear over , christof fades up emotional synthesizer music for a worldwide audience of people who apparently never watch anything else . there's even a daily behind-the-scenes update from harry shearer that captures the highlights of truman's existence . the key to a movie like this is in finding the right balance between humor and drama , because a premise like this has its obvious implications in both directions . and it all hinges on carrey , who has to balance comic naivet with a real sense of longing and drive to find out what the hell is going on . he's come a long way from talking butt cheeks in ace ventura . most fundamentally , it's just plain interesting to follow along as director peter weir shows us just how they can capture a person's life without the person realizing it -- how they coordinate extras , hide cameras and feed automatic lines to actors . the most interesting thing about the truman show is that most of us can probably imagine some ambitious director pitching a show like this . sure , the most interesting tv genre of the '90s has been reality programming and jerry springer's popularity is through the roof , but those people deserve to be humiliated for turning their intimate details over to the airwaves . and when news shows use hidden cameras , it's done in the name of the greater good , not entertainment . but merge the two and you've got the truman show . right now , it's implausible -- i mean , the fcc won't let you say the s-word on the air ; do you think they'd let you broadcast every detail of a man's life to the entire world without his consent ? one day , though , it could happen . and , even though it would mean the end of privacy , people would eat it up . you know they would .
[79]	pos	pos	yes	holm ) , a polite ambulance-chaser , has arrived with the promise of a lawsuit that will eek out the truth of what really occurred that fateful morning . throughout , we get to meet the parents of the dead , broken souls who follow stephens like " the pied piper " ( passages of which are read during the film ) . but there is one living passenger , the paralyzed nicole ( polley ) , whose dark secrets of a life before the accident may affect her decision to testify . we finally do see the accident , about three quarters into the film , which is a stunning visual effect . a horrific long take that shows the bus sliding , then stopping , then collapsing into a frozen lake , is the best digital trickery in any movie this year and , perhaps , ever , in a motion picture . the fractured narrative also intercuts a preoccupied stephens on an airplane , traveling to meet his hiv-positive runaway daughter , as well as glimpses of the artificially happy lives these people led pre-accident . i have a problem not with the story or story structure , but with egoyan's heavy- handedness behind the camera . for the first hour or so , i can quite honestly say i was on the verge of tears ; these are miserable , miserable people . but that's just the problem : so anguished are these folk that sympathy wanes after a while , when a lot of sadness becomes too much . also , a subplot involving incest rings untrue . perhaps it wouldn't feel so contrived if it weren't shot in such a tasteful manner . there are two characters who are father and daughter ; when they first appeared i thought they were lovers . i was half-right . nevertheless it's worth-seeing . the delightful critic geoff pevere recently wrote that " american films are about action , canadian films are about consequences , " hence a recent wave of films about the effects of shock and death from toronto directors , including crash and kissed . the sweet hereafter is much better than either of these two films , simply because it's not boring or , in the case of kissed , afraid of its own material ( necrophilia ) . egoyan is a fine , fine , postmodern storyteller , whose work is entertaining , edgy and smart , if a bit too intellectual at times . though i harped on the weightiness of the material , i was always absorbed , engrossed , and surprised by the sweet hereafter .
[80]	pos	pos	yes	. sam raimi took a departure from his normal freak-show horror-monkey films and made this stylish and intriguing picture . he really lets the audience sit back and watch the events unfold rather than force them down our throats as many directors prefer to do . i think raimi knew he had a winner on his hands and decided to direct the picture on a natural flowing course . one of the film's components can be linked to a recurring theme in terrence malick's the thin red line . in malick's three hour bore-a-thon , he makes an interesting attempt to link mother earth to his war story . it seemed nothing more than an occasional pretty cut to a field of flowing grass , a small bird , or a flowing body of water . sure , there were obvious metaphorical connections , but there was no subtlty to his efforts . raimi does a fine job of tying in a fox in a chicken coop and birds of prey to signify the future of the characters . i think most viewers may miss the comparison , but it is a very intriguing ingredient in the film . and then there's billy bob thorton , who is proof that the independent film industry is vital to the life blood of hollywood . if it can continute to produce people like thorton , hollywood will be ok . he gives a fantastic and devastatingly deep performance here . it is not as engrossing as his carl childers character in slingblade , but is is just as complex , if not more so . jacob is slow and simple , and yet we so often see him deep in thought . i wondered if he was thinking about things that he would never say ( or didn't know how to say ) or if he was just taking a long time to think about the thing he just said . here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry . though the plot is somewhat unoriginal , it has a very appealing new twist in its characters . paxton gives one of the better performances of his career as the straight and serious leader of the group ( a far cry from chet in wierd science ) . perhaps bridget fonda is miscast as his advice-giving wife , but she certainly doesn't do anything ruin the picture . a simple plan can be included in the group of recent small hollywood films that is just dark and pretty un-redeeming . but at least this one has an important message , unlike so many of its counterparts .
[81]	pos	pos	yes	problem , the people in the town don't really like him , because he isn't " natural " . even his own parents don't care about him , and are disappointed they didn't have a " normal " son . he is also harassed in church by the local pastor , rev . russell ( david strathairn ) and simon's chain smoking sunday school teacher played by jan hooks . the only person , other than joe , that really cares for simon is joe's mom , who he also looks up to as a mother . it would be just simon's luck , that he would accidentally kills joe's mom , something you are told at the beginning of the movie . joe , now motherless as well as fatherless , feels the need to find out who his real father is . with the help of ben ( oliver platt ) , the local drama teacher and joe's mom's current boyfriend ( before her death ) , he will attempt to locate his dad and get in a little trouble on the way . most of this trouble is laugh out loud funny , although not all of it is . simon will also look for god's plan for him , although he loses a little faith along the way . starring in the first ( and last ) five minutes of the film is hollywood's newest dramatic actor , jim carrey . jim plays the adult version of joe and does a impressive job starting the film off , and then tying it up just right . this is the first character jim has played that is not over the top in anyway , and he does a commendable job . simon birch is written and directed by mark steven johnson , this is his first film as director , but he has written several films , including the grumpy old men series . he does an outstanding writing and directing job here , the film's structure is flawless and its flows together perfectly . the dialog goes from extremely funny to morose without missing a beat . the cast is excellent . joseph mazzello gives the stand out performance . joseph is outstanding for someone of any age , not alone someone who just turned 15 . ian michael smith , in his film debut , has such a strong physical presence that you believe he is simon without any hesitation . other great performances are turned in by the rest of the supporting cast . i loved this movie , it is far and away one of the best films i have seen all year . take your whole family to see simon birch , it is a magnificent film- an american masterpiece .
[82]	pos	pos	yes	throughout his life . kilmer's first mission that we are shown is to steal a microchip from ivan tretiak , played by rade serbedzija . during a press conference , he must make his way into a heavily guarded vault area , avoiding guards , cameras , and many other potential obstacles . once his mission is completed and he is safely home , the fee is paid . when he logs into his bank account and finds that he is only a few million dollars short of $50 million , he decides to carry out only one more mission , then retire . dr . emma russell , portrayed by elisabeth shue , has discovered a way to produce energy by way of cold fusion . this new advancement would change the world and save thousands of lives in the areas of russia , where millions are without heat and are freezing to death . the only problem is , tretiak would like to have this for himself and use it to gain power amongst the people . this presents the option for kilmer to achieve his goal . tretiak hires him to steal the equations , small pieces of paper , from shue . one of the enjoyable features in the film is the disguises that kilmer dawns to complete his missions . they are very convincing , not only to the characters in the movie , but to us . kilmer utilizes one such disguise to lure shue's character into getting to know him even more , which would provide him a means of stealing the energy formula . when the two meet , and end up having a sensual experience , kilmer's character is seemingly falling in love with emma russell , as she is falling in love with kilmer's alter-ego , a traveling artist . yet , he must reach his goal of $50 million , which requires him to steal the energy formula , putting his feelings aside . shue's character is eventually able to track down simon templar by putting the pieces ( the names of the catholic saints ) together , something no one else is able to do . when she finds him , they are left to team up and reclaim the energy formulas from tretiak . the saint is very action-packed , with few slow points . the sound was very well done and added to the many intense moments . along the course of the movie , there are even a few , although brief moments of comedy . these moments are almost always thanks to kilmer's extraneous , very convincing disguises and personalities . all in all , a rather enjoyable movie with nearly non-stop action .
[83]	pos	pos	yes	under fuller for many years , must travel through an electronic computer device that fuller was using , to the year 1937 , which consists of computer generated characters only . the simulation of 1937 is just like it was back in the olden days . all of the people involved are just characters , or are they ? douglas strongly believes that a character traveled through the transport from their world to ours , and killed fuller . along the way , douglas interacts with many different potential suspects , and a woman who claims to be the daughter of fuller , jane fuller , played wonderfully by a talented young actress , gretchen mol . the thirteenth floor is a plot driven movie from the time the film gets going , and doesn't use spectacular special effects and big sound to keep the viewer's interests . i was worried that this film would be too much like the matrix and existenz , and i wouldn't enjoy it , but there were enough twists and turns to keep me thinking and attentive to the film . unfortunately , many potential would have been great scenes were thrown away with predictable content , letting the viewer know the outcome of the scene long before it happened . the scenes that aren't original or interesting seem to go absolutely nowhere , leaving you wondering , " what is the point of this ? " sometimes it was hard to believe that this story , with terrible dialogue , some bad acting , especially from craig bierko , and scenes that go absolutely nowhere , are actually true . i know this isn't a true story or anything , but a film should be able to make you think that it is . on the plus side of acting , we get to see the missing from main character action since the film masterpiece shine in 1995 actor , armin mueller-stahl . in the thirteenth floor , he is back and is still giving believable and amazing performances . another plus is gretchen mol's realistic performance , creating her character with depth , not just staying in the one-dimensional phase . don't expect the intensity of the matrix or existenz to come out of the thirteenth floor , just expect another film that messes with your mind for awhile , and shuts you down like any other movie would . thrills , chills , and spills aren't what you will get in this film , but you will just get another trip to send your mind on , scrambling it until you've had enough . the bottom line- let's hope this is the last of the " reality check " based movies for awhile .
[84]	pos	pos	yes	i tried hard not like this movie without succeeding . it contains parts of bringing up baby , any hepburn/tracy film , part of the plot of war games , cary grant and rosalind russell in his girl friday , elevator shaft action , train action , and murder . it is cute , funny , suspenseful ( a little bit ) , sexy ( a little bit ) . one of the bad guys was a surprise . the pace is fast enough , there are some " action " scenes . i think that this is a reasonable family summer movie for families with older kids who have already seen maverick . julia roberts and nick nolte are fine separately and together . i really identified with the julia roberts character ( wishful thinking , i know ! ) , but i do have better hair ! her hair , a very dull dark brown , has no color . she could use some highlights . they both do fine with their roles : he's a bored columnist with the chicago chronicle and she's a hotshot " cub " reporter with the chicago globe . they have great fun trying to out scoop each other to solve one case throughout this movie . i like the one story focus . other actors include charles martin smith as roberts' boss , olympia dukakis as nolte's coworker , nora dunn also with the chronicle , and marsha mason as a congresswoman . basically this movie is reasonably fun . there is a serious mystery to solve , and i enjoyed following a fun couple solving the mystery . it is a pleasant change of pace from movies that take themselves seriously . i do give successful comedy high marks .
[85]	pos	pos	yes	to say , but enough to make us believe his character . actually , just looking into the man's eyes generally tells you a lot . fonda was also pretty good , despite playing one of the most trashy and abused women that i have seen in quite some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her , so i guess she did her job okay . but in the end , nobody goes to see this kind of movie for oscar performances . we go to see jet li movies because we want to see jet li kicking a lot of ass from side to side , and this film delivers gangbusters on that front . and yes . . . they have no wire-fu in this movie . . . i say again . . . no wire-work , no bullshit stunts with li floating around in mid-air for over a minute . it's all straight action , fist to fist , boot to face and all around cool stunts . if that's what you're looking for , i don't see how you will be disappointed with this film . yes , it's not very original in plot ( just take luc besson's own la femme nikita and mix in plenty of his own the professional et voila ! ) , does have an annoying hip-hoppy soundtrack that just got on my nerves after a while ( i also would have gotten rid of the whole acupuncture thang . . . ) and will have anyone not willing to restrain their disbelief , rolling their eyes all over the place . but was i entertained ? thoroughly . does the film feature more gunplay , martial arts and over-the-top kills that most recent action flicks ? yes , again . does this sound interesting to you ? well , the answer to that question is entirely up to you . one thing that i would definitely recommend is , as jet li pointed out himself on his website , that you leave the kids at home for this one . in fact , you might even wanna leave yourself if you can't handle the more violent of sequences . all in all , a rippin' , roarin' fun time ! where's joblo coming from ? black mask ( 5/10 ) - blade ( 7/10 ) - la femme nikita ( 8/10 ) - lethal weapon 4 ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the professional ( 9/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - rush hour ( 7/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 )
[86]	pos	pos	yes	dorothy michaels look like milton berle . more problematic was a series of calls daniel makes to miranda posing as nannies from hell ; it's a bit hard to swallow that she doesn't recognize any of the voices as her husband's . perhaps the biggest contrivance we're asked to swallow is that daniel could make a quick change into mrs . doubtfire in a few minutes . there's more to realistic makeup than slapping on a latex mask . fortunately , these are inconsistencies which only attract attention as the credits roll . during the film , i was generally too busy laughing . after getting off to a slow start involving too much of williams' riffing , mrs . doubtfire kicks into high gear once the wig and pads are in place . daniel's frantic attempt to fool a court officer is wonderful , as is the climactic restaurant sequence , even though i saw the resolutions coming a mile away . clearly , most of the credit for doubtfire's success goes to robin williams . it took putting him in drag , but for once he plays a comic character that isn't just robin williams with a different name . he thoroughly inhabits euphegenia doubtfire , and seems to relish the scenes in which he gets to play her as blunt and foul-mouthed . wisely , he never aims for saintly . his responses to the intrusion of new suitor stu are often petty , but the kind of thing most of us might do with the benefit of anonymity . it's one of mrs . doubtfire's charms that neither daniel nor miranda is perfect , just people trying to be better . as miranda , sally field is solid in a background role , and pierce brosnan is nicely understated as stu . the children are also good , although mara wilson is almost oppressively cute as the youngest . the supporting players merely step aside and allow williams to do his thing . it's easy to see mrs . doubtfire as little more than tootsie warmed over , and it's true that there are both broad themes and specific details in common . but mrs . doubtfire manages to carve out its own space , particularly through the surprisingly honest moments involving a judge's decision and the ultimate status of daniel and miranda's relationship . there's nothing dazzlingly new in mrs . doubtfire , but there are plenty of laughs , and good comedies are always in short supply . and it's nice to see robin williams just act for a change .
[87]	pos	pos	yes	the base of a fake moon , directing over 500 cameras and hundreds of actors and extras . for 30 years , truman suspects nothing-`we accept the reality we're given , ' poses christof-but a desire to break free of the sunny town and visit a long lost love in `fiji' ( mcelhone , who was actually an actress fired by christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement ) overwhelms him . thus , christof and his team suddenly find themselves working twice as hard to keep the veneer of seahaven intact , lest truman discover the world outside and put an end to the highly-rated program . in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second-reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three-quarters through . this allows us to comprehend and accept truman's world before we contextualize it . for all his madness , christof has shown the world a place without violence and hardship , and demonstrated that a human being can function well within it . truman is an inspiration to his audience because he grew up to be , well , so darn nice ; like a sibling ( or , perhaps more appropriately , a caged animal in an interactive zoo ) , they want to see him succeed . the surrealistic soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight screenplay and a sympathetic carrey-he really is an everyman here , abandoning his facial contortions in favour of a credible , wide-eyed bewilderment . cinematically , the truman show is impeccable , stylishly photographed by peter biziou and littered with symbolic images . as well , it employs wojciech kilar's piece " zycie za zycie' masterfully and beautifully . if the film has any flaws , one may find them in laura linney's characterization as meryl , truman's " wife " ( i doubt that betty crocker impersonation would fool anyone ) , and in a subplot involving truman's `father' , which feels curiously incomplete . there are a few stupendous sequences , and the film pulls off a wonderful trick : we become truman's audience as much as the loyal viewers in the film . they wear buttons asking `how will it end ? ' i couldn't wait to know myself , though i didn't exactly want it to end , for this inspired movie is possibly the best-and most complex-summer picture in years .
[88]	pos	neg	no	and the sexual revolution is on , but the people of new york are not happy . in fact , they're terrified . as in spike lee's do the right thing a heat wave has the city in its grip , and peoples' tempers are flaring . the cool of night offers no respite : the neighborhood is being terrorized by a nocturnal psychotic killer who calls himself the son of sam . no one knows who the son of sam is , and no one is safe . all around new york people are different . aside from cultural groupings and ethnic neighborhoods there are differences between individuals . in the italian american section of town a philandering husband named vinny ( john leguizamo ) tries to hide his trysts and sexual behavior from his long suffering newlywed wife dionna ( mira sorvino ) . vinny's friend ritchie ( adrien brody ) hates disco , works at a gay strip club and doesn't want any of the neighborhood folks to know . ritchie's girl ruby ( jennifer esposito ) is trying to escape a reputation as a slut . everyone's different , but nobody in the film wants to be framed as " alien " to the community . unfortunately , the killings help create a climate of suspicion pits neighbor against neighbor . opinion : director spike lee's summer of sam is not about a psycho killer . nor is it about cops trying to apprehend him . it's about differences and how , given the right conditions , even close neighbors can fan the hostile flames of irrational suspicion . one thing i found interesting in summer of sam was the use of sex . in other movies sex is glamorized . for example , james bond gets a sexual reward for winning . or boring made-for-video " suspense " movies are spiked with gratuitous lingerie scenes just to keep the audience awake . and every movie or soap opera character in these flicks seems to have expert sexual prowess . not so with summer of sam . in a very gutsy move director spike lee shows sex without fantasy . sex is there , but it isn't gratuitous or titillating . in fact , some of the main characters are downright lousy in bed . sex is in the film because ( sexual ) deviance is part of the film's major theme of " difference " breeding hostility . in my opinion this kind of movie sex is cutting edge for 1999 , as rare and thought-provoking in american cinema as showing a spanking .
[89]	pos	pos	yes	after an assassination attempt . she is on the run ( from who , i'm still not sure ) , and has to save her pod by playing her game with " someone friendly " . that someone friendly is her dubious companion and security guard , ted pikul ( jude law ) . unfortunately he is lacking a fundamental requirement for playing , a bioport . sort of a hole in your spine ( ok , exactly like a hole in your spine ) , a bioport allows you to plug the vaguely entrail-looking wires from the pod into you , allowing you to play the game . luckily a bioport can be installed easily ( they install them in malls ) , so off they go to get one . after a crazy series of events at the local country gas station , they are able to plug in and play existenz . the plot itself is a surreal melding of conspiracies , reality distortion , chinese restaurants , and multi appendaged amphibian things ( " it's a sign of the times " ) . but the plot , while cohesive in it's own creepy way is secondary to just trying to figure out what the hell is going on in this universe . cronenberg just slaps this weird organic-tech world into the viewers lap , and it's up to you to figure out how all these things work . and that's the true joy of this film , entering the vaguely nightmarish world in which existenz takes place . you learn a little bit piece by piece ( oh , they make pods out of those ) , and it's just enough to get you to accept the world that is presented to you . there are all kinds of twists and turns as the characters wander around , including a fantastic scene in a chinese restaurant that will leave you trying to assemble something out of your moo goo gai pan for months afterwards . also the bioports are occasionally used for things other than porting into existenz , the specifics of which i will leave for you to discover . there's lots of little things that set off the weird-o-meter , like the little tiny pods that you can buy in the video game store , the two headed amphibian creature , and why that guy at the gas station's name appears to be " gas " . it all adds up to a supremely far out trip , and given the choice i think i would rather live in the matrix's virtual world . . . oh wait , i already do .
[90]	pos	pos	yes	, the getaway . but enough with the gossip , let's get to the review . the film revolves around the kidnapping of peter bowman ( david morse ) , an american engineer working in south america who is kidnapped during a mass ambush of civilians by anti-government soldiers . upon discovering his identity , the rebel soldiers decide to ransom him for $6 million . the only problem is that the company peter bowman works for is being auctioned off , and no one will step forward with the money . with no choice available to her , bowman's wife alice ( ryan ) hires terry thorne ( crowe ) , a highly skilled negotiator and rescue operative , to arrange the return of her husband . but when things go wrong -- as they always do in these situations -- terry and his team ( which includes the most surprising casting choice of the year : david caruso ) take matters into their own hands . the film is notable in that it takes this very simple story line and creates a complex and intelligent character-driven vehicle filled with well-written dialogue , shades of motivation , and convincing acting by all the actors . the script is based on both a book ( the long march to freedom ) and a magazine article pertaining to kidnap/ransom situations , and the story has been sharply pieced together by tony gilroy , screenwriter of the devil's advocate and dolores claiborne . the biggest surprise for me was not the chemistry between crowe and ryan , but that between crowe and david caruso . dug out from b-movie hell , caruso pulls off a gutsy performance as crowe's right hand gun while providing most of the film's humor . ryan cries a lot and smokes too many cigarettes , david morse ends up getting everyone at the guerilla camp to hate him , and crowe provides another memorable acting turn as the stoic , gunslinger character of terry thorne . the most memorable pieces of the film lie in its action scenes . the bulk of those scenes , which bookend the movie , work extremely well as establishment and closure devices for all of the story's characters . the scenes are skillfully crafted and executed with amazing accuracy and poise . director taylor hackford mixes both his old-school style of filmmaking with the dizziness of a lars von trier film . proof of life is a thinking man's action movie . it is a film about the choices men and women make in the face of love and war , and the sacrifices one makes for those choices -- the sacrifices that help you sleep at night .
[91]	pos	pos	yes	the redemption he justly deserves after such crap as high fidelity , con air , and pushing tin . but maybe it was because i feel as giddy as a school kid right now with this whole romantic thing currently in my life . the story of serendipity is simple . two people , john trager ( john cusack ) and sara thomas ( kate beckinsale , looking ever so hot ) , have a chance encounter over a pair of gloves -- with buck henry smack dab in the middle . charmed beyond repair , these two knuckleheads grab a sundae together at a caf ? called serendipity , talk about that irresponsible thing called fate and the avenues it leads people down , and spend a few hours at the local ice skating rink . but with each of them already involved with other parties , sara has john write his name and number on a $5 bill and she writes her name and number on a copy of love in the time of cholera . sara declares that if this " thing " -- let's just call it love -- is destined to happen , fate will bring them together in the future . years later and on opposite coasts of america , john and sara -- both engaged but still unsure whether they have found their soul mates -- decide to seek each other out to rest their doubts . what happens then is an enjoyable and often hilarious cat-and-mouse game with the fates - involving such items as mistaken identity , a graduate homage , john corbett as a freaky new age musician , and eugene levy as an irate and crazed salesman -- to find out if that " thing " was right after all . fortunately , first-time screenwriter marc klein has sketched strong , well-rounded , characters to propel a predictable and corny narrative . coupled with deft directing by michael chelsom ( director of the very unfunny town and country and the very funny funny bones ) and the use of time-lapse camera work to illustrate the passage of years -- the film comes off with genuine believability and sincerity . both piven and molly shannon make nice sidekick characters on the flipside , films such as you've got mail , made in heaven , and even high fidelity are the quiet inspirations for the film's main journey at hand . but it's what happens to the unexpecting characters left behind in the romantic wake after john and sara find happiness this is the most unsettling part of the picture .
[92]	pos	pos	yes	a lush green , pure white snow falls in the winter , and the sky goes on forever . the characters continue that turn : our two leads are simon birch ( ian michael smith ) and joe wenteworth ( joseph mazzello ) . simon is the smallest baby ever born within the records of the local hospital , and by age twelve he's only two feet tall . joe is the bastard son of rebecca ( ashley judd ) , and by age twelve he's ready to know who is father is . naturally , the two outcasts become good friends and share many adventures together , from disrupting sunday school to doing community service to playing little league baseball . in a wonderfully executed performance by ian michael smith , simon birch is convinced that he's god's instrument , and there must be a reason he's so small . joe doesn't quite buy it , but he sticks by simon ; the two tough it out through the worst of times and are each other's only true friends . early on , the two meet up with ben goodrich ( oliver platt ) , rebecca's new boyfriend , and although the bond isn't immediate , ben and the two boys develop a liking for each other . both platt and judd give solid performances that lend their characters a deep likeability . the audience cares about them as much as they do about joe and simon , a testament to the acting jobs of both . finally , jim carrey gives a cameo as the adult joe in the present day , and his few minutes here are relatively more impressive than his entire performance in the truman show . mark steven johnson's sense of drama and writing is fantastic . the script is loosely based on john irving's novel , a prayer for owen meany , but it's so far off the source material that irving actually requested the credits be changed from 'based on' to 'suggested by . ' along those same lines , it's almost unfitting to compare the two ; johnson uses tension , humor , atmosphere , and suspense to create an original drama of forrest gumpian proportions . by no means has he developed a project of similar popularity - gump made over 300 million dollars while birch ought to pass out of sight in a few weeks - but the winning idea remains the same . simon birch is a different look at a different life , and one that will most likely be studied in film school classes in decades to come . in the present , however , it's an enjoyable little picture that everyone ought to take a look at .
[93]	pos	neg	no	slurs --three of the same actors ( harvey keitel , tim roth and steve buscemi ) --a mexican standoff ending , although this one is considerably less optimistic than pf reservoir dogs is an entire hour shorter than pulp fiction because it's only got one story to tell rather than three . crime lord joe cabot ( veteran actor lawrence tierney ) has assembled five criminals who have never even met each other to pull a diamond store heist . the five are instructed not to reveal their real names or personal details or anything the cops could use if one of them was captured and interrogated . instead , they are all given code names off the color chart -- mr . white ( keitel ) , mr . pink ( buscemi ) , mr . orange ( roth ) , mr . blonde ( michael madsen ) , mr . brown ( tarantino ) and mr . peach ( tarantino's chin ) . most of the movie's running time is spent with mr . white and pink waiting at a warehouse for the others to arrive . mr . orange , meanwhile , is on the floor , dying from a gunshot wound . the police had arrived at the scene of the crime way too soon , leading white to believe one of the five was an informant . the story's background unfolds through a series of flashbacks , of the crime itself and the meetings between joe and the criminals prior to the crime . eventually , blonde arrives with a police officer hostage , and what follows is a truly brutal , uncomfortable torture scene . let's just say picasso would be inspired by what blonde does to the cop's ear . a lot of the time , reservoir dogs seems like your typical gangster heist-gone-wrong movie , but there are a few sequences that are uniquely tarantino . the opening scene in the coffee shop starts the movie off on a high note the rest of it doesn't live up to , as the criminals plus joe have a conversation on , among other things , tipping philosophies and their interpretations of madonna's " like a virgin . " another scene involves roth's lengthy manufactured story about running into a group of cops and a police dog in a bus station bathroom while carrying a giant bag of marijuana . neither of these have much plot relevance but are given ample time to develop , like the captain koons gold watch speech in pulp fiction , only here these sequences are more enjoyable than the rest of the movie . reservoir dogs is good but it's no pulp fiction .
[94]	pos	neg	no	thermo-nuclear war ? and potential violence is the premiss wargames is built upon . a computer whiz-kid , david , is usually contended with hacking into the school computer to change his grades . but after having read an advertisment for an upcoming computer game , he wants to be the first to play it . instead of getting into the computer at protovision software he accidentally comes to the frontgate of norad . with the help of jennifer , a girl in his biology class , he starts to play a nice game of nuclear war with wopr , war operation plan response ( a top-notch computer at the time , but now hardly faster than my own computer ) i remember being 12 and watching this at the cinema . it was very efficent at giving you a scare in those days and that hasn't changed . of course , a nuclear war seemed to be much more of something that could actually happen back in 1983 . i wouldn't be surprised if this gave people nightmares . i hope it still does since you still hear about school kids hacking into the computers at pentagon . broderick and sheedy are just fine as the young teenagers ( although her interest in david remains a mystery ) . but the rest of the actors are , by no fault of their own , restricted by the script to play one-dimensional grownups . david's parents are the same kind of parents that populate all these college comedies from the 1980s , movies like secret admirer , porky's or zapped and the norad general beringer is straight out of dr . strangelove . if for no other reason , you should see this movie to enjoy how far the computer technology has gone since those days . david uses the same telephone for calling friends as calling other computers . the modem is some kind of device that he puts the headset on . far from any 56k modem my guess is that it's some kind of 2400 bps modem , the kind of technology you now find at your local technical museum . the big computer at norad has a lot of flashing lights ( just like those you see on star trek or any old sf-movie ) but it's hardly impressing compared with what you can get today . what are the lessons we can learn from wargames ? 1 . make sure there are no secret backdoors into military computers . 2 . thank you , whoever it was , for giving us a graphical user interface when we use our computers !
[95]	pos	pos	yes	for realism in an interestingly dynamic balance of suspense and action for his latest thriller , ronin . the depth of intrigue in ronin is quite amazing , considering the fare that's fallen into the same category over the last few years . the script , written by j . d . zeik in his big-screen debut , approaches levels of complexity that had people spinning away from mission : impossible two years ago . a certain number of people will be lost by this , but afficianados will appreciate it all the more and return multiple times . frankenheimer masters the script with poise , and tells us a dark but stoically realistic tale of a group of post-cold war mercenaries working to earn their paycheck . his ability to convey feeling and character while promoting explosiveness and tense atmosphere works well here , and ronin becomes a better movie because of it . robert de niro headlines this cast of noteworthies in a performance that is the most outstanding of his in quite some time . he takes command and offers much gravity as the ex-spy sam , a man who's called to france to help a shady operations controller named dierdre ( natascha mcelhone ) recover a package . the package becomes the central motivator for the entire cast , especially once the requisite double-crossing begins , and its role is skillfully penned by zeik . at times , however , zeik's tale becomes almost too reminiscent of mission : impossible - de niro might easily become tom cruise , the package might become cruise's computer disk . fortunately , the focus here is almost entirely on the package , whereas in mission the script was more concerned with the double-cross and why it happened . the action content is impressive , and it lives up to the hints given in previews . the only fans who will be disappointed are those who expect full-blown combat scenes and instead are forced to suffer through moments of slowness . ronin does take a degree of intelligence to follow all of the nuance from start to finish , but even the uninitiated will be able to keep a grasp on most characters mand subplots . the suspense tapers off considerably by the end , a bit of a drawback because of its height at the movie's open . considering these factors it's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it's another good bet this month . since quality is usually sparse during the early fall months , it's definitely worth the visit .
[96]	pos	pos	yes	to buy tickets to this movie . ( actually , purchasing tickets to this film is extremely smart given that it delivers more laughter per dollar than anything in recent memory . ) the film even skewers people who write about movies on the internet . guilty . although it's filled with inside jokes , you'll still be laughing even if you only get some of them . it's easy to understand enough so that they are still funny . jay is a motor mouth who hasn't met a subject that he couldn't vulgarize . his favorite topic is oral sex , but , being an equal opportunity profaner , he's willing to make crude jokes about absolutely anything . but it is his buddy , the aptly named silent bob , who is responsible for most of the movie's success . his reaction shots , with his wildly exaggerated eye movements , are comedic gems . the story's main subplot concerns four animal rights activists , justice ( shannon elizabeth ) and her three sexy buddies , sissy ( eliza dushku ) , missy ( jennifer schwalbach smith ) and chrissy ( ali larter ) . these charlie's angels types give a ride to our heroes on their trek to lalaland to stop the picture . jay tries to put the moves on justice , but he doesn't stay in command of the situation for long . one of the funnier sight gags has the women using a pink , clam-shaped , birth control case that contains high tech gadgetry . granted , it's not the movie for everyone , but , if you like kevin smith's brand of humor , you'll find that this is his best . and , as i said earlier , it's the funniest movie of the year thus far . no , wait . forget , `thus far . ' it's bound to be the funniest movie of the year . in a time when almost every movie feels obligated to come in at pg-13 so that they can rake in the maximum cash , it's great to see a filmmaker with the guts to target only a mature audience . jay and silent bob strike back runs a lightening fast 1 : 35 . it is rated r and contains pervasive crude humor and language and sexual situations . it would be acceptable for high school seniors and older . the film opens nationwide in the united states on wednesday , august 22 , 2001 . in the silicon valley , it will be showing at the amc and the century theaters .
[97]	pos	pos	yes	damn those trailers . had it not been for the advertising of this film , which reveals far too much about its contents , i would have been glued to `under the sand' . as it is , the film retains some value , thanks to an excellent performance by charlotte rampling , and a more mature francois ozon in the director's chair . marie ( charlotte rampling ) and her husband jean ( bruno cremer ) lounge on the beach . she takes a nap while he goes for a swim . when marie wakes up , jean is nowhere to be found . she contacts authorities , but they can't find him either . did he disappear to start a new life ? was he killed by accident ? did he commit suicide ? marie still asks herself these questions a year later , and in order to move on with her life , she must find some answers . it's a fine premise , and this little movie uses it to the limit . the film moves at a leisurely pace , a bit slow , but relaxing . it's a very visual story , and you can pretty much just sit back without reading the subtitles . this is mostly thanks to the excellent camera work by antoine heberle and jeanne lapoirie , who shot the film in a dreamy haze , and the lead performance by rampling . rampling is so expressive in her portrayal of marie , you connect with her character instantly , despite that she's delusional . the scenes where she interacts with her husband , who she still believes is alive , are heartbreaking . she can't quite get over him . they've been married for twenty-five years . the other actors , particularly jacques nolot , are excellent too . the sex in the film is rather unneeded , but compared to ozon's `criminal lovers' , it's the disney channel . likely to cause some discussion afterwards , `under the sand' is a fine movie going experience . while it's hard to recommend as entertainment , it's a fine adult alternative about how we deal with loss . ozon seems to ask what you would do , and that's certainly a hard question to answer .
[98]	pos	pos	yes	bob the happy bastard's quickie review : rush hour so what's the problem with 48 hours clones these days ? they always try for the same thing that eddie murphy and nick nolte had . that was the problem that plagued these clones , not to mention the actual sequel : another 48 hours , a complete waste of film . but , at last , someone has a different take on the matter , and it's director brett rainer . rush hour features jackie chan in his first u . s . action movie , playing a chinese detective who's being flown to the us to investigate the kidnapping of the chinese consulate's daughter . of course , the fbi is upset that he'll be interfering in their investigation , and stick him with an lapd office with a big mouth- of course , that's chris tucker . what makes rush hour work so damn well is the chemistry between the energetic chan and the absolutely hilarious tucker . tucker mouths off to chan at every given opportunity ( " i'm michael jackson , you tito . " ) , and chan delivers a few zingers of his own , as well as some terrific fight scenes . the story's pretty much your average fare , but with a decent twist involving the main villain , a highly clouded figure named jun tao . at least it's entertaining , and the concept is excellently realized . a particular fight scene in a chinese office , where chan and tucker duke it out with the bad guys , is funny and energetic at the same time . and the finale's a real treat as well . . . chan delivers yet another fantastic stunt for the fans with a 10-story drop . rush hour is just the sort of film you'll get a kick out of on any night of the week . just make sure you don't look for anything culturally different and you'll be fine- drunken master ii this ain't .
[99]	pos	pos	yes	screen . when the ship does hit the iceberg at exactly 1 : 40 into the film , and eventually sinks , you never really feel for any of these characters . the film is just loaded with unlikeable rich snobs and other folk you never really get a grasp on . the effects are tremendous . from the roars of gears and pumps in the engine room , to a doomed ship cracking at the seams , this is an effects picture that looks and sounds like no other . we saw titanic in dolby digital surround , and by far , it is the best sounding movie i have ever seen . my friend commented it was the best sound mix he has ever heard . when people are in the water , at film's end , you are surrounded by the voices of lost soles . titanic runs far too long . the movie is 3 hours and 15 minutes in length . and , while most of the first 2 . 5 hours runs very fast and well-paced , the final 45 minutes almost comes to a sudden stop , and you realize that this sappy love story has to finish itself out before the movie finally ends . don't get me wrong about titanic . . . . it's not a bad as i am making it out to be . it really is an exceptionaly well-made film . the costumes and sets are incredible , and true to the time period . the ship is painstakingly created exactly true to form , as we see actual pictures of the modern-day wreckage , transformed into the movie depiction . this film will certainly win on effects , costume , set design and sound . cameron has certainly made his best film to date . unfortunately , titanic is not a best picture candidate . it just doesn't have a strong supporting story . it's an exceptional disaster film with sappy filler inside . it just doesn't have the emotional impact that i suspect mr . cameron was shooting for . i predict that titanic will open to likeable reviews . it is a film worth seeing . i predict that it will only do moderately well at the box office . with its extreme running time , and lack of enough robust to get substantial word-of-mouth , i expect that it will do even better on home video . this will certainly be the definitive ac3 movie for all you home theater enthusiasts . titanic opens december 19th , and is released by paramount pictures and twentieth century-fox . i give titanic 3 stars ( . that's not bad . ron epstein riginally posted in home theater forum ===
[100]	neg	neg	yes	then again , when you watch people cry for their loved ones , it's obvious it will be emotional . it's mostly just a big trick to rope viewers into " feeling " for the characters , but it didn't work for me . but anyway , the actors do as much as they can with what they are given . t ? a leoni ( bad boys , tv's " the naked truth " ) is the best of the film , and she is given the meatiest role . her character is made stronger by leoni's presence , and we grow to care for her . robert duvall is energetic and fun to watch , but his character is turned into shreds by the plot . elijah wood also comes off rather successfully , but he still hasn't had many good roles ( wood , stick to drama ! you are too talented for this stuff ) . vanessa redgrave is barely acknowledgeable , and her performance is only enhanced by her strong presence on screen . maximilian schell is distracting , but he does provide some nice humor . morgan freeman has been infinitely better than this , and gives one of his most shallow performances to date ( which is quite remarkable for him ) . leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character . a special note should go to ron eldard and denise crosby . eldard is good in his role , but is limited by the plot . crosby is special to me personally because she was tasha yar from tv's " star trek : the next generation . " seeing her was one of the highlights of the film . overall , a very talented cast virtually wasted . deep impact is rated pg-13 for disaster related elements and brief language . this is one of the worst films of the year , and if it is any omen of things to come , this summer could be one of the worst ever . luckily , the x-files movie is coming up , and hopefully armageddon will be more successful . it's a shame that this film will do so successfully because it just isn't worth much . costing nearly $75 million , with special effects done by the illustrious ilm ( which is a huge shocker ) , and with a score composed by oscar-winner james horner ( titanic ) , one might have expected this to be more fun to witness and experience . well , it's not . when the comet does hit the earth , you almost wish it could just take this film along with it .
[101]	neg	neg	yes	, enter the burning house looking for the little girl . in a panic they have difficulty in locating her before they are engulfed in flames . the manipulative script has her hidden in her own dollhouse . this mawkish show cuts back to monica , who has a life-or-death decision to make . the chopper with the fire-retardant chemicals has only enough to save one group . will it be the large group near the cars or the helpless little girl and monica's two firefighting buddies ? she has only seconds to decide who will be saved . yes , she goes for the majority , but , miracle of miracles , the other three come out alive anyway . not content with a traditional firefighting story , chris soth's screenplay attempts to jazz it up by having william forsythe from palookaville play a vicious killer named randy earl shaye who sets a forest fire so that he can join the crew to put it out and then escape . ( " hoods in the woods , " is what the " ground-pounders " yell out when the convicts are bused in to help them fight the fire . ) along the way , shaye picks up an ornithologist hostage played by suzy amis , who turns out to have been trained in warrior ways by her father , who was a marine drill instructor . most of the highly predictable movie is a long chase in which poor howie long is given one ridiculous stunt after another to look silly performing . he flings a chain saw backwards over his head while riding a speeding motorcycle so that the saw can hit the windshield of the pursuing truck . arguably the low point is when he escapes from a locked burning building by riding a motorcycle conveniently parked inside . using a ramp , he shoots straight out of the top of the building's attic , and when he hits the ground , he just rides off in a cloud of dust . when the film isn't using some stock footage of actual forest fires , the simulated ones look hokey . editor jack hofstra cheapens the action even more by his use of burning flames in scene transitions . the ending , with its sick twists , manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie . perhaps the best that can be said for the picture is the faint praise i heard afterwards in the lobby , " it's not as bad as some of the television sitcoms . " firestorm runs mercifully just 1 : 29 . it is rated r for violence and language and would be acceptable for teenagers .
[102]	neg	neg	yes	frequent one of the greatest sites on the world wide web , the internet movie database , are probably aware of the section for movies entitled " goofs " . this is the section for mistakes in the movies . well , imdb sums up hackers extremely well with the first goof listed : " generally ill-informed and ridiculous to the extreme regarding the capabilities of computers and technology " . and truthfully , this is one-hundred percent correct . the plot , obviously , centers around computer hacking . more specifically , it follows the exploits of dade murphy , a young computer hacker played by jonny lee miller . miller should be extremely thankful for the film trainspotting , because if it were not for that , who knows where his career would be now after hackers . the film opens with a young dade murphy being arrested for hacking computer systems . he was forbidden to use a computer until he turned eighteen years old . the film then picks up at that point , an eighteen year old dade murphy hacking away at the computer . dade later meets up with fellow hackers acid burn ( angelina jolie ) , cereal killer ( matthew lillard ) , lord nikon ( laurence mason ) , and the phantom phreak ( renoly santiago ) , who are basically trying to do what is next to impossible : hack the gibson computer and not get caught by the fbi . oh , and as a little sub-plot , dade also tries to woo acid burn , the only female hacker in the film . really , i can't think of much more to say about the film's plot aside from what i've said . it's just a bunch of computer geeks ( no , obsessive compulsive computer geeks a little too advanced for reality ) running around hacking computers and staying away from the fbi . thanks to this movie , the public unfamiliar with computers now has a distorted viewpoint of computers and what they can do . this movie makes computers look a little bit too advanced for their time , and the frivolous suggestions it makes are too many to list . to sum it up , hackers is a terrible computer film . if you're looking for a film about computers closer to what goes on in the real world , i suggest sneakers . although at times it too may seem a little far fetched , it should be much more believable than hackers to regular computer users . hopefully , this film didn't influence too many young computer users out to think they can do what is portrayed in this 105 minute waste of time .
[103]	neg	neg	yes	it has its moments , the best of which features steven seagal making fun of himself . in one great scene , sam gets his son on the phone to talk to seagal ; of course , his son doesn't believe that he's actually speaking to seagal , and he goes off about how bad of an actor he is ( i would quote the line i like but it would probably lose its effect ) . crystal is always entertaining , and he has a few good lines here ( some of which are subtle throwaways that many will miss entirely ) ; often , however , he's countered by a slew of jokes that aren't funny , and cause an involuntary rolling of the eyes . muresan is kind of fun to watch , but he just can't act very well . quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents . she was underused last year in both event horizon and breakdown , but at least in those films she had moments in which she could show us her stuff . here , the best thing she gets to do is fake a romanian accent . all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre . as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings . sam's multiple engagements with his family are all completely hackneyed ( how about a main character who has a healthy relationship with his family ? ) . later , it turns out the entire story is supposed to be a great big metaphor signifying sam's reunion with his family . and some people might think that what sam does for max towards the end is a valiant thing , but i had a few morality problems with it ( and i apologize for being vague ) . it's icky . it drips with gooey , wannabe human emotions . my giant could have been a straightforward and funny family film . more importantly , it could have been moving on a level far deeper than it is . instead , it's a complicated , overlong , and under-engaging film that elicits too few laughs and strives for superficial tears . and since it left me feeling completely unmoved , i stand by my position that sentimentality is evil and will ultimately destroy the world .
[104]	neg	pos	no	this is not a simple plan about finding a plane load of money and getting away with the cash . this is more about a parable of greed , and how money can become the bane of your life . yes , there are elements of ? fargo' here ( the snow and cold ) , although not as vivid in the blood and gore department . it shows how greed can set of a chain of events leading to death and the destruction of lives . and how at the end of the day , the things that matter most are love , truth and honesty . although in one sense it may seem tedious , making a movie about the ugliness of greed ( not box office material ) , it does become tedious , not because of the morale ending , but because one expects the movie to end that way . this becomes apparent after the first murder to cover up the crime , the rest of the movie just spirals downward from there . the characters in this drama are a mixture of simple and intellectual folk , brothers and friends , who all fall prey to the avarice of money . they should have perhaps thrown in someone sensible , level headed and not affected by greed to give the party more balance . commendable is the exceptional performance of billy bob thornton , whose portrayal of the simpleton brother was masterful . bill paxton also gives a powerful performance as the greedier younger brother , whilst bridget fonda is convincing as the greediest wife , who indirectly causes the most problems . fill a room full of greedy people and several million dollars , and you will end up with a simple recipe for a blood bath . it's not a simple plan , when you shoot everyone you love for money , unless you're the menendez brothers .
[105]	neg	neg	yes	, over-the-top bad guy , but that's pretty much where the entertainment-buck stopped . smith and kline were static at best , the plot full of holes , and the score insignificant and derivative of a dozen others . i would strongly advise anyone not to see this movie . then again , there is that one scene with the lovely salma hayek tied up in a cage . . . huh . . . oh yeah , but the rest of the movie sucked . little known facts about this film and its stars : will smith has starred in two of the ten all-time top grossing films worldwide : 1997's summer blockbuster men in black ( 7/10 ) , for which he also recorded the grammy-winning title song , and 1996's independence day ( 6/10 ) . he once turned down a scholarship to mit to pursue his singing career . kevin kline is a graduate of the juilliard school of drama , and has been married to the cute-as-a-button actress phoebe cates since 1989 . they have two kids together , greta simone and owen . one of the buildings that gets blown up in this film has " kasdan " written on it . lawrence kasdan is a director known to have worked with kevin on five of his movies , including the big chill , silverado , i love you to death , grand canyon and french kiss . salma hayek gave up a successful career as a major television star in latin america and moved to the united states to start over , even though she spoke no english . she made her feature film debut as an actress with a small role in allison anders' mi vida loca ( no , not the rickie martin video ! ) and played her first starring role in robert rodriguez's desperado opposite antonio banderas . since then , she has made an appearance in each one of rodriguez's films . she stands 5'2 " , was born in southeast mexico , and the daughter of a lebanese father and a mexican mother . one of the actresses cast as branagh's lovely but lethal beauties includes bail ling , a stage and screen star in her native china who was last seen starring opposite dick gere in red corner ( 7/10 ) . another is dutch-born frederique van der wal , who is one of the world's most recognized supermodels , having graced the cover of cosmopolitan numerous times , as well as harper's bazaar , vogue and mademoiselle .
[106]	neg	neg	yes	in the line of duty is the critically praised series of television movies dealing with the real-life incidents that claimed lives of law enforcement officers in usa . the twilight murders , another one from the series , is dealing with the case of gordon kahl ( played by rod steiger ) , old farmer from north dakota who would rather spend a year in prison than pay taxes to the despised u . s . government . after being released , he still refuses to pay taxes and the warrant is issued for his arrest . when the u . s . marshals come to arrest him , it turns out that kahl isn't alone . many poor farmers in rural northwest share his extremist anti-government beliefs , and the routine operation turns into shootout that would leave federal officers that . that brings fbi on the scene , and agent mayberly ( michael gross ) is supervising the manhunt . however , his efforts seem fruitless , since kahl still has many supporters , some of them even in the local law enforcement . after betrayed , 1988 thriller by costa gavras , hollywood mostly ignored the disturbing trends of rising right-wing extremism in the american northwest , and that remained so until oklahoma city bombing , when media hype brought right-wingers back into spotlight . until that time , only the television movies like this one bothered to pay attention to that phenomenon . unfortunately , the twilight murders is still routine and formulaic television film , that uses sensationalist real life content in order to cover lack of originality in the script . sometimes , like many american tv movies , it creates drama where drama shouldn't be . on the other hand , film is steadily directed by dick lowry , and rod steiger does good job potraying gordon kahl . on the other hand , michael gross as his pursuer is quite wooden and his interaction with some of the actors is terrible . however , film does deal with potentially thought-provoking social and political issues , so hour and half spent in front of the screen shouldn't be the total waste of time .
[107]	neg	neg	yes	even get into that one . szwarc also reveals that is was the conscious decision of the salkinds ( and everyone else agreed ) that supergirl needed to stand on its own , replacing the science fiction of the superman films with cutsy " whimsical fantasy " nonsense . bosco also points out scenes not in the american release as they come along , claiming that had they been in the original release it would have been a hit at the box office . again , for the sake of brevity , i won't even get into that one . anchor bay has also released a limited edition ( only 50 , 000 copies pressed ) two-disc set . disc one contains everything mentioned for the regular release . disc two features the never before seen director's cut of the film , which runs 138 minutes long . the additions mainly consist of scene extensions which don't add much of note , except for a few moments which lengthen peter o'toole's screen time ( particularly during his latter appearances ) . the print is rough in spots and the sound is only in mono , but fans of the film won't care . one question though . . . shouldn't the director's commentary be on the director's cut of the film ? i'd never seen supergirl before i sat down to watch this dvd . i was nine when it was released to theaters , and even then i was smart enough to inform my parents not to take me to see it . so when i popped the dvd into my player and sat down in my easy chair i had no idea what to expect . i knew the film wasn't beloved and i never had any interest in it before , but i was willing to give it a shot because of the impressive amount of work put into the disc . as the disc began to spin i was rather impressed with the opening sequence , which made me sit up and wonder if my assumptions all this time could have been wrong . come to find out however it was just the chase digital stereo logo . . . so i slunk back into my seat as the nightmare started . at the end of the film , supergirl flies back into the lake with the omegahedron , and flies back to argo city . ugh , i give up . i'm surprised i even made it to the end of the film not once , not twice , but three times to review these discs . supergirl is definitely a terrific dvd package , but a very lousy movie . [pg]
[108]	neg	neg	yes	after having another abusive spat with visjnic , they accidentally murder him , and in desperation , bury the body in the backyard of their aunts' house . add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light-hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy " practical magic " is . after seeing the film , i reflected that there was not even one scene , or element , that i liked or enjoyed . it is a comedy , to be sure , but all of the humor falls astoundingly flat , and the occasional dramatic moments are the least bit touching . it is not charming or entertaining in any way . and then to top it off , we've got this dark , but bird-brained story of an evil spirit taking over gillian's body . whatever . the characters are handled terribly , and actually , most of the actors do not have the fortune of even getting to be what you could call a character . there is no reason why channing and wiest should have decided to be in this film , and in every scene involving them , they are always standing side-by-side . no attempt is made to flesh them out into actual people . the same goes for aidan quinn , as a handsome police investigator , who has the misfortune of being the romantic lead opposite bullock , even though he comes into it at around the 70-minute mark , and once again , there is no attempt to develop their relationship , or his character , in any way . in fact , every line of dialogue in the film is in service of moving the plot along , rather than getting to know the people saying the lines . i should have know i was headed for trouble during the opening credits , when i found out the screenplay was written by the deeply hated akiva goldsman , who managed to destroy the " batman " series with " batman forever " and " batman and robin . " " practical magic " is directed by griffin dunne , primarily an actor , who last year made the contrived , clumsy romance , " addicted to love , " with meg ryan and matthew broderick . i disliked that movie quite a bit , but since " practical magic " is even worse , that can only give you a taste of what a talentless filmmaker he is . i'd tell him to quit while he's ahead , but in these last two years , he's ultimately already buried himself .
[109]	neg	neg	yes	discovers that the killings are not random , that the victims are tied together by a secret . along the way ichabod gets help from a bewitching ( literally ) young woman ( christina ricci ) and the son of one of the murder victims ( marc pickering ) . my reaction : ho-hum . the plot is an accumulation of cliches without even the slightest touch of originality to make it interesting . that in itself is forgivable ; hollywood constantly tries to sell us used products in new packages . however , burton's attempts at inducing fright come off as goofy . it might be his background -- in his previous movies , goofy was the goal . along the same lines , it doesn't help that creature designer ( and producer ) kevin yagher has done his best work for the tongue-in-cheek tales from the crypt tv series . a witch's eyes and tongue shoot out like roger rabbit's , a tree spurts blood like it's in a monty python sketch , and the headless horseman . . . well , he's a guy without a head . . . on a horse ( boo ! ) . the performances are also awful . although he's impressed me with his work in other films , depp doesn't seem to know what to do with ichabod , and his dialogue is hampered by stilted diction that's supposed to pass for an 18th century accent . ricci seems to put all her effort into seeming enigmatic , which guarantees that we won't sympathize with her character . the actor who is revealed at the end to be the villain comes off as ridiculously cartoonish . the only pleasure generated by the cast comes from surprise cameos by christopher lee , martin landau , and christopher walken . i wonder if this movie was originally conceived as part of francis ford coppola's projected series of gothic adaptations , a series that produced only " bram stoker's dracula " and " mary shelley's frankenstein . " coppola is an executive producer for " sleepy hollow , " and the script reflects his interest in early forms of " moving pictures , " particularly in a toy that ichabod carries which blends two pictures to create an optical illusion . ( there's a bird on one side of the card , a cage on the other . when the card is flipped rapidly , the bird appears to be caged . ) bottom line : the hollow isn't the only thing that's sleepy .
[110]	neg	neg	yes	annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small town in georgia is asked for help by local authorities in solving the case of a missing woman . annie is something of a psychic , she has involuntary bouts with the supernatural where she can see the past and the future and physically feel the actions happenning to her she envisions . her " gift " leads to the arrest of a nasty wife beater who may or may not have killed the pretty rich girl found in the swamp on his property . in an ultra conservative backwoods town will her testimony based on her psychic visions hold up in court ? do they even have the right man ? what's good about it : aside from keanu reeves giving one of the best performances of his career as the loathable redneck donnie barksdale , there is little else going for the film . what's not so good about it : lame , unoriginal screenplay . predictable ending . suspense scenes that are just plain boring . ridicously trite characterization makes the entire south out to be ingnorant , hateful goobers . relentless in its emotional sensationaliztion . overall critique : " the gift " is one of those movies that makes you wonder where you've seen this story before . it's a collection of every cliche and stereotype of the south ever made , and coming from a yankee like me who dislikes the south that's really saying something . for an established , talented director sam raimi is unable to provide any kind of originality to this film . it's predictable from the first scene , the screenplay is written like a rip-off of a photocopied bootlegged play . you know that as nasty as the murder suspect is he didn't actually do it . it's no surprise either who the real villain turns out to be and what their motive was . sigh , how trite . for a supernatural thriller this is neither scary nor intense because it's so cliche . " the gift " is basically a glorified b-movie .
[111]	neg	neg	yes	. there's an amusing , tongue-in-cheek bit of product placement ( which doesn't really make much sense , but i appreciated the sentiment ) , as well as some supermarket-related hijinx ( " he's in aisle 1 ! " informs eve ) . if the film maintained this sort of light-hearted tone , it would have been much more charming and enjoyable to watch , but , to its detriment , it instead takes its silly plot far too seriously and barrels along to a bloody , effects-ladened anticlimactic conclusion . much of the film fails to make a whole lot of sense , and there are such gaping plot holes that it's terribly difficult to contain any suspension of disbelief . the implausibilities are endless : what about the toxic bomb in eve's brain ? why are the guards armed with guns when they already know firearms are ineffectual ? my favourite was the slow-motion sequence in the film where eve , sporting superhuman strength , is shown tossing aside guards who are attempting to contain her with what look like body blocks . this is the sort of movie which leaves you holding your head in amazed disbelief , incredulous that it's being foisted upon the public . returning headlines michael madsen ( who reprises tough guy press lennox ) and ms . helgenberger do what they can with this goofy screenplay , but there's realistically only so much one can do with this script as a basis . mykelti williamson ( portraying astronaut dennis gamble ) churns out an all-too-familiar spin on a generic brash-mouthed character , and fine character actors george dzundza ( playing colonel burgess and looking ridiculous in the process ) and james cromwell ( patrick's neglectful father , senator ross ) are utterly wasted in the film . mr . lazard gives his character an appropriately shifty-eyed look , while returning vixen ms . henstridge is actually given the opportunity to act in one scene ( and acquits herself nicely ) , but is mostly relegated to reprising her familiar role of parading about in skimpy clothing ( or none at all ) . ms . henstridge recently commented on how some female audiences have expressed appreciation for her character in the first entry of the species series , claiming that " she's so empowered . " a lethal half-alien in heat who dispatches of her sexual partners in grotesque fashion -- now * that's * what i call empowerment .
[112]	neg	neg	yes	immediately . to be honest , i couldn't care less if snipe's character got captured or not . snipes performance is average , and his character gets surprisingly little screen time ( considering he is the fugitive ) for reasons i'll explain later . tommy lee jones is as fine as ever , although his role is hardly a challenge . the sense of deja vu was overwhelming . i know it's the same role from the fugitive , but there is seemingly no attempt to develop his character from the last film . there's a few 'nudge nudge' references from the first film , but apart from that , nothing . nobody even mentions harrison ford in this movie . downey jnr is ok as fbi agent john royce who's roped into the chase , and sexy french actress irene jacob wanders in and out of the movie as snipes wife . nobody looks as if their having a good time , and all the performers are on autopilot . the supporting cast are o . k , but when it comes to performances , u . s marshals falls flat on it's face . it doesn't fare any better plot-wise , either . the film starts off with gerard trying to capture snipes , but then veers off into terrorists territory . as said above , the film is an normal , average terrorist thriller , seen a million times before , but is using the fugitive reputation to make it sound more professional . if this film wasn't the 'sequel' to the fugitive , this would probably go straight to video , or not even been made at all , because it's so average . and because of the film's plot changing it's course , snipes is almost forgotten apart , and hardly features in the movie . stuart baird , the director , is all right , but there's no particular scene that stands out . it's director is the usual action movie style . even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension . the special effects are nice , especially the plane crash , and there's a good ( if very loud ) soundtrack by veteran composer jerry goldsmith . but in the end , u . s marshals suffers from an overwhelmingly lack of excitement . sure , it's loud and dumb , but in the end u . s marshals just ain't fun . bored performers and a lackluster plot and script , do not make a good action movie . overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities
[113]	neg	neg	yes	" . the movie wasn't half bad by this time , surprisingly . it wasn't boring me , and even managed to read my thoughts at one point . ustinov's character left a video will , and while he's reading the ridiculous clause in it , i thought to myself " what is this , brewster's millions ? " . as soon as i thought it , hal holbrook's character actually says " what is this , brewster's millions ? " it was quite surreal . something happens though during the film's final act that caused me to sharply drop the rating it was going to receive . up to that point , all of jimmie's prior girlfriends had turned down his " business proposition " which i felt was good . at least the film wasn't painting women to be cold hearted gold diggers . when jimmie has no other options , his goofy friend ( played by artie lange , making a career out of playing the goofy friend ) places an ad in the newspaper that somehow becomes a front page story . at this point , 100 , 000 women don wedding gowns and head off to persuade jimmie to pick them to be his bride . these women arrive at jimmie's location and immediately start bullying him about what he's looking for in a woman . when he's had enough of their unjustified attacks , he tells the angry mob that there's been a mistake and he won't be marrying any of them . as a result , the women proceed to chase him around the city , in hopes of catching him and tearing his limbs off . this goes on for the rest of the film . it's just chris o'donnell running from 100 , 000 obnoxious , greedy , angry and stupid women . my groans of disgust could be heard for miles . the film finally ended ( thankfully ) , but to this day i'm still groaning . the bachelor is available on dvd from new line home video . it contains the film in both full frame and in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , cast and crew info , and special dvd-rom features . the original theatrical trailer is also on the disc , which contains scenes not in the film . apparently there was even more footage of the gang of brides chasing o'donnell around the city , and at one point o'donnell is leaping from the tops of buses . so that was bad enough to be cut , but the other 30 minutes of bride shenanigans was good ? ugh .
[114]	neg	neg	yes	the happy bastard's quick movie review holy man more like holy crap . the film stars eddie murphy as a mystical-ish figure named g on a strange journey of some sort when he comes across two network execs ( jeff goldblum and kelly preston ) with a flat tire on their hands . somehow he ends up in their car and on their channel , a line-up of infomercial programs featuring the likes of betty white , morgan fairchild , and a slew of other celebrities and nameless figures . it's here that he seems to hit his stride , speaking of life instead and somehow boosting sales . at this point in the movie , of course , morality comes into play , particularly on goldblum , who suddenly feels he can market the magical g into megabucks to get in good with his boss ( robert loggia ) . it doesn't take long for the movie to unfold into sappy mush , with realizations taking place left and right and poor plot points . only a real zippy sequence involving frying morgan fairchild's face seems to have any interest in the movie . murphy lends nothing to his character and poor goldblum looks as if he'd rather be someplace else . some may argue that the movie has a message , but all that came across to me is that i could probably get more entertainment watching that informercial with the guy in the question mark coat . at least he has something for us to laught at . . .
[115]	neg	pos	no	. when frank's brother gets himself killed in a drunk driving accident , frank , feeling all guilty and mushy inside , thinks foul play is involved and travels to seattle to set right all the wrongs with the patented " carter's way " . he talks tough with his brother's wife , lends a helping had to his brother's daughter doreen ( rachel leigh cook ) , and walks around seattle in the pouring rain dressed like a lost member of the rat pack with a really bad goatee . carter finds out that his brother was involved in some bad stuff with a slimy porn king played by ultra-cool , mcqueen-esque mickey rourke , a multi-millionaire computer geek ( alan cumming ) , and a strange foreign guy ( michael caine ) who speaks in riddles and talks tough . carter stalks all of them while trying to figure out who did in his brother and how to extract proper revenge on the responsible parties . what a minute ! this sounds just like another film i saw last year , the limey . better not tell terence stamp about stallone ripping him off . actually , get carter is a remake of the 1971 british production of the same name , starring caine in the title role ( and what with his cameo here , the cleverness is astonishing ) . while stallone still carries his own weight here , the movie lacks what the original did as well : purpose . throughout the film , stallone looks like an old guy trying to act tough , while nobody is taking him seriously . his one-liners fall flat , and he seems tired and uncertain of all the actions , mental and physical , required of his character . there is even a strange homoeroticism between rourke and stallone that lends a bizarre tone to their numerous conversations -- in both fists and words . the biggest surprise in get carter is that the best job done in the film is by the versatile mickey rourke . an amazing method actor in the eighties who fell into drugs , spousal abuse , a boxing career , and an intolerable attitude towards not getting his way , rourke still brings a dangerous sense of purpose to his porn king character . he may not win any oscars , but he still ranks highly in my book . get carter has great directing , strong acting by rourke and caine , and energetic car chases that would make william friedkin proud . the only thing it lacks - as with most hollywood productions -- is a good script and proper casting . never mind that it should never have been made at all .
[116]	neg	neg	yes	richest man in the united states . of course , wellington is not only rich , but white and 53 years old , which makes lance's bid for closing night at the apollo , as well as his desire to woo suntee ( regina taylor , " jerry maguire " ) , a tad tricky . the original elaine may/warren beatty script has been reworked by chris rock , lance crouther , ali leroi , and louis c . k . to turn beatty's vehicle as a football player into rock's vehicle as a comic and add some racial humor . as directed by chris weitz and paul weitz ( codirectors of " american pie " and costars of " chuck & buck " ) , the whole affair comes off as amateur hour . initial scenes play like filmed line reading rehearsals . production values are shoddy . most serious of all is the use of rock when his wellington counterpart would have been more appropriate . this problem is clearly attributable to the fact that the old white guy is never lip or action synched when he is on screen . rock does get the chance to do some fun schtick , such as his turnaround on wellington's plans for a poor neighborhood hospital ( 'bullet in the head ? you got a bed ! ' ) , but he's uneven when interacting with the rest of the cast . regina taylor fares well amidst the mediocrity as the young activist who confusedly ends up falling for the man she believed to be her nemesis . also good is frankie faison ( " hannibal " ) as whitney , lance's compassionate manager - the only human who's made privy to lance's body body switch . chaz palminteri and levy are pretty much wasted as heaven's ambassadors . another " best in show " alumnus , jennifer coolidge , is poorly used as wellington's cheating wife ( and shown several days apart wearing the same outfit ? ! ) and greg germann ( tv's " ally mcbeal , " " sweet november " ) continues display his sitcom roots as her lover and husband's lawyer . mark addy ( " the full monty " ) is sorely underutilized as cisco , wellington's fake english butler . stealing the show in every scene she's in is wanda sykes ( " the chris rock show " ) as wellington's disgruntled maid . " down to earth " is for chris rock fans only . all others should go rent " heaven can wait " or truly be brought down to earth .
[117]	neg	neg	yes	what would you do if no one could see you ? well , if you're a super smart bio-molecular research scientist working for the military , you'd grope a co-worker and rough-up your neighbor from across the street . that's right . of all the non-criminal possibilities brought about by rendering oneself invisible , in " hollow man " kevin bacon's character opts to commit sex crimes . er , it's kevin bacon who plays the super smart military bio-molecular research scientist ? something sounds horribly wrong already . but this is a paul verhoeven film , and the sleazepin director of such open-crotch classics as " basic instinct " and the infamous " showgirls " never lets a little credibility get in the way of his voyeuristic tendencies which , when you come right down to it , is all this film is about . " hollow man " features a string of hapless , c-list actors ( among them bacon , elisabeth shue , josh brolin , and kim dickens ) in a grade-z plot with a lot of special effects that , frankly , don't look much better than those used in the 1933 version of " the invisible man . " oh bacon glistens when he gets wet all right and looks like a rather fatty side of cheap flank steak when he's attempting reentry but otherwise it's lots of " thermal " shots and inanimate objects ( elisabeth shue included ) bobbing around without any visible signs of support . since invisibility , once achieved , isn't much of an effect ( the actors spend half their time conversing with nobody and the other half of their time talking to each other--it amounts to much of a muchness ) , the director elects to wardrobe all of his female protagonists in loosely-buttoned sweaters so that the minute bacon's character gets invisible he can head straight for them . it's as if that fascinating concept--what would you do if no one could see you ? --is simply a verhoeven ploy to show some skin . as a horror film , " hollow man " is unsophisticated and disturbing ( in its intent , not its achievements ) and not worth your time or your hard-earned dollars . it's minor verhoeven--and even that's not saying much--and boy is it hollow .
[118]	neg	neg	yes	when we see the actual crime we have no idea why gal was so important to its success . beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him . any local hood could have done what gal is needed for . additionally the crime involves digging from a swimming pool to the bank vault , flooding the vault . no only could they have let the water out of the pool and avoided the complication altogether , but there is by far too much water to be accounted for by what was in the pool . in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar . i know i have seen all the plot elements of sexy beast in old westerns like the law and jake wade . the story is usually of the reformed outlaw , a robert taylor type , who has hung up his guns and is trying for a life of peaceful respectability . the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im . it is not a great plot . in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards . perhaps the film has a little more respectability because it was made not as a western but as a stylish british gangster film . it is an old plot dressed up to look new . if the plot is old , at least the style is creative . this is director jonathan glazer's first film , but he has reputedly done some notable tv ads for guinness stout . his style does have some unexpected touches including some very odd dream sequences . cinematographer ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes . we see one side of a person's faces . but the other side fades into the darkness , a sort of metaphor for the half-world these characters in-habit . half of everything that is happening is also kept hidden . us yanks will have a hard time with some of the dialog . at least in my theater it was difficult to make out the words with the quiet speaking , the heavy accents , and the cockney language . sexy beast is a very and familiar minor plot lent respectability in the us by being done in what is here a still somewhat novel genre , the london crime film . the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western . further respectability comes from ben kingsley's high-powered performance . i give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[119]	neg	neg	yes	apparantly money talks . . . and uses quite a bit of obscenities doing so ! i've always considered myself pretty open about the gratuity a film can possess , whether in language , violence , sex , or what have you . i find that this fact gives me a little more leverage to complain when a movie goes overboard , and money talks definitely does ! it's not so much that the movie swore nearly constantly ( and i mean constantly ! ) , but it swore so much that it seemed overly prominent and way too staged . perhaps if one character were foul mouthed , but in this film , everybody swears nearly every other word . money talks is about a black ticket scalper named franklin hatchett ( played less annoyingly than expected by chris tucker ) . franklin is your typical con-man and ends up with more than one person out to get him . when the plot finally gets underway , there's no less than three people ( or groups ) that want him , dead or alive . the frenchman who's somewhat responsible for franklin's escape from a prisoner-packed bus , a hoodlum whom franklin owes seven grand , and the cops who wrongly suspect him of murder . franklin's only hope : james russell ( charlie sheen ) , an investigative reporter for the local news who's out to prove himself a worthy journalist . james offers to help clear franklin's name if franklin will just allow him an exclusive report to help channel 12 conquer sweeps week . both of these elements are completely lost along the way however , and never do reappear . as expected , the odd couple of franklin and james do wind up friends at the end , which is another wasted element seeing as how they show no signs of becoming friends at any point along the way . there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non-relevant , or just plain forgotten about . money talks is a paint-by-numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience . frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two-dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money .
[120]	neg	neg	yes	. maybe it would have been a better film if we saw the story unfold through their eyes . the talking tree , who seems to have a thing for john smith , is the only other character that can hold our interest and is perhaps the best developed of the bunch . the music , a welcome delight in the later disney films , is mostly a let down here , with the exception of the catchy and motivational , " colors of the wind . " mel gibson , as the voice of john smith , has a solid singing voice and should have been used more . the opposite holds true for the governor ratcliffe led songs ; the singing is even more grating than his simplistic character . i was rather bored through what turned out to be a shorter than expected running time . even the children in the audience seemed restless . while there's no stopping a kid from seeing something that they want--or disney wants them to--most i believe will be disappointed . perhaps the biggest problem is that disney has strayed from their familiar fable and fairy tale themes to history . it's all right to change or embellish fantasy to suit a movie's entertainment value , but doing so to historical facts doesn't work nearly as well as creating nagging questions in the viewer's minds and plot holes that are never filled . even the artwork , another disney strong point , varies greatly in quality , making any story problems even more obvious . as mentioned above , there were many questions that stayed with me while viewing the film . for instance , if john smith was truly such a world traveler and had so much experience with " savages , " why did he so quickly change his previous " kill as many indians as i can " attitude . if he was such a nice guy after all , he should have changed his ways long before this . or how about pocahontas' amazing english speaking ability when this had supposedly been the first time she had seen white men ? i can understand making the native americans speak english for the benefit of the audience , but simply saying that they had met a missionary years earlier would have cleared up a lot ; history was modified in the film anyway . as it is , i wonder if it doesn't give kids the wrong impression . in short , the film is too simplistic for adults and contains too much romance and not enough action or humor for the younger set . while disney tried valiantly in many ways to break with some of their firmest traditions , they end up failing on too many levels .
[121]	neg	neg	yes	plot : upon the realization that they are failing all of their classes , two roommates try to find a third roomie who will kill himself , since the school's charter automatically grants top grades to the roommates of any student who succeeds in suicide . critique : despite this film's interesting premise and dark subject matter , this movie sucks because it is unfunny , boring , and presents us with one of tom everett scott's worst acting performances . add that to a completely unsuccessful romance element , many lame and corny jokes , a long wait for the setup , and an ending that takes all the blackness out of this " black comedy " ( if you're gonna create a black comedy , don't chicken out in the end-see very bad things ( 8/10 ) for a perfect example ) , and you've got yourself a trite mtv creation worthy of its own subject matter . i barely laughed at any gags , found the bong element contrived and repetitive , and was horrified not to find any gratuitous nudity tossed anywhere in this movie ( if you're gonna make a bad college comedy , at least slap in some free t&a shots for the kids : ) . this one's not even worth the rental , fellas . skip it altogether ! little known facts about this film and its stars : during auditions for that thing you do ! , tom everett scott's first feature film role , director tom hanks was opposed to hiring tom because of the fact that scott could've passed for hanks 15 years ago . it wasn't until hanks' wife rita wilson saw the audition tape , and decided he was cute , that hanks decided to risk hiring scott . the actor who played scott cooper in this film , mark-paul gosselaar , is best known for having played the character of zack morris on tv's " saved by the bell " . his parents are dutch and named hans and paula . and who would've guessed that this is director alan cohn's first shot at directing a feature film ?
[122]	neg	neg	yes	considered the best for a bad reason : it best represents what quentin has done with this film . he plays chester , a spoiled brat actor or something who has just had a huge box-office hit on his hands and is living it up by playing an anti-climactic game from a hitchcock tv episode starring steve mcqueen and peter lorre where they gamble to see if one of them can get light from his lighter ten times in a row . they're drunk and need sober but nervous ted to hold the cleaver and bring it down if the lighter doesn't light . they also pay him a lot of cash . this is so much exactly what this little film is about that it's campy . tim roth was probably payed a lot of money to do this stupid part in this stupid film made by a bunch of people who are high on themselves 'cause they've had hits , major or minor . it took quentin to realize that . but the thing is , it doesn't seem like he realizes that . if he did , i'd give this a good 3 stars . but this sucked . it was anti-climactic and the dialogue wasn't very good . he starts off with a very long steadicam shot then goes to flashes . that makes no sense . it's cool for a while , then he makes it uneven . it's long and it's just not very good . hopefully quentin never repeats what he did with this one . conclusion : what's the moral here ? if you've made celebrated films , don't do an ensemble piece . they should have re-watched " new york stories " and then stopped in their tracks . none of these have any point to them and they're embarrassing to not only the writer/directors , but to the actors 'cause they're working with crap . but i will forgive everyone involved and i especially look forward to quentin's next directing job ( even though he and rodriguez jumped back to the top immeadiately with the cool " from dusk till dawn , " which i found exhilerating ) . i love quentin and i suppose it's good he made " the man from hollywood " because it makes him seem more realistic and not some " god of cinema . " i seem to respect directors if they aren't " gods " and are actually human beings who make mistakes . " the man from hollywood " is his big mistake and let's hope he doesn't return her continuously .
[123]	neg	neg	yes	saw the first movie , driven by a strong urge to procreate . on a parallel track , government scientists have cloned a version of sil from the first film ( now called eve , again " played " by natasha henstridge ) and are keeping her around for some testing . this , apparently , includes observing eve's reaction to " the dukes of hazzard " tv show , which she appears to enjoy . eve's bio-rhythms go off the scale each time one of her kinfolk " mates , " which we are forced to witness in gross-out detail , but otherwise there doesn't appear to be a whole lot of reason why henstridge is in this film , unless it was written into her contract ( let's hope it cited one sequel and one sequel only ) . eve finally breaks free of her confines--and her bra--for the finale , but the effects are so messy you can't really see what's going on . peter boyle is totally wasted as an institutionalized scientist who screams " i told 'em not to go ! " at the top of his lungs , referring to the mars mission but more likely aimed at the makers of this piffle . michael madsen reprises his role of press lennox ( so that he can enter high security areas , flash a badge and claim to be press , maybe ? ) , as does marg helgenberger as dr . laura baker , the one subjecting eve to the tv reruns . they're both unbelievably wooden . what's a talented filmmaker like peter medak ( " the ruling class , " " the krays , " " let him have it " ) doing directing this tripe , i wonder . it's an unfortunate trend , this : once-talented directors throwing in the towel and lending their names to unchallenging horror flicks like " species ii . " last year peter hyams gave us " the relic " ; no thanks necessary there . and the first " species " was helmed by roger donaldson who , although certainly no genius behind the camera , had demonstrated much better judgment with his previous choice of projects . is it just that there are no better offers out there ? " species ii " is worthless . worse than that , it's also exploitative , offensive , and insulting to the intelligence at every turn . it's not that there isn't anything positive to say about the film . there is . after 92 minutes , it ends .
[124]	neg	neg	yes	has enola . the psycho ruler of the smokers , the " deacon , " is trying to get her and find his way to dryland . played with typical self-lampooning , rug-chewing histrionics by dennis hopper , " deacon " is the only thing in the movie that's close to amusing . his performance is * almost * laughable , but there just isn't enough there to be funny . the star ( and a co-producer ) is kevin costner . he's playing an un-named lone denizen of the sea , a man called the " mariner , " who turns out to be a gilled , water-breathing mutant with webbed feet . very little is done with this . the script ignores the ineffectuality of gills in supplying enough oxygen to support a human metabolism ; it ignores the fact that even with both ice caps completely melted , much of the earth's surface would still be above water ; and it ignores the blatant impossibility of the cultures and technology shown . ( canned meat does * not * last for centuries ; ammunition does * not * fire after it's more than a few decades old ; and so on , and so on . . . ) i'm quite fond of tina majorino's previous work , very impressed by jean tripplehorn's past accomplishments , and still speechless over costner's dances with wolves . but this movie could destroy the careers of anyone associated with it ! this movie cost one hundred and eighty-two million dollars , and there's * nothing * in it we haven't seen before , done better on only a few percent of the cost of this turkey . at 125 minutes of material , this movie cost over one point four million dollars per minute to make . the budget of this movie * could * have given us over thirty movies ; it could have paid for six years of a prime-time sf tv series with expensive fx work , or ten years of an sf tv series with good digital fx . in sum , this movie is beneath contempt . it has nothing new to offer , it has a script that could easily have been bettered by the people who write comic books for dc , and it spent more money than the national budget of a small nation . if you * have * to go see it , see it on a four-dollar matinee . otherwise you'll find yourself sneering at you every time you pass a reflective surface , for weeks .
[125]	neg	pos	no	) is torn between his re-election campaign and helping his new ally catch his man . in a related aside , former railway worker bob goodall ( danny glover ) is cruising through the snowbound west in his pinup-plastered ( even on the seatbelts ) el dorado . along the way , he picks up -- and subsequently saves the life of -- hitchhiking loner lane dixon ( jared leto ) . this tangent isn't a random one , as bob or lane will end up either holding a piece of the puzzle or turn out to be the killer himself . or is the villain in fact lacrosse , only pretending to be after the cold-hearted murderer he knows so much about . in a sense , that's half of the basic problem with " switchback . " for its first hour , the movie presents evidence that any of these three men could be the perpetrator , so we're given little insight into who they are , likely for fear that we'll learn too much too fast and therefore be able to make the proper deduction . but " switchback " then decides to explicitly reveal the killer's identity at its midpoint , and the following contradictory character motivations muddle both the pacing and the generation of suspense . some of the acting is a burdensome area as well , probably because the performers were instructed to build personas that are the exact opposite of their true selves . what is danny glover doing here , grinning and yeehawing his way through the messy plot ? and dennis quaid ? ( that monotone -- stop it ! ) ermey is solid in a supporting role that's more interesting than the two leads thrown together , but the charismatic leto ( claire danes' object of affection in " my so-called life " ) is a scene-stealer tried and true . >from a material standpoint , " switchback " is pretty empty . but even when first-time director jeb stuart ( who wrote " the fugitive " and " die hard " ) doesn't know what to do , he knows what he wants it to look like -- the movie provides some great visuals . the set-on-a-train climax looks good ( even though the action is illogical ) , and the beautiful , crisp cinematography captures the rockies in all of their icy splendor . still , that's not enough to turn a lump of coal into a diamond , and more than the movie's look will end up leaving you cold .
[126]	neg	neg	yes	there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . waiting for you to laugh or find something in it that is amusing . and then hank azaria shows up . . . aaaaaah , the film's savior ( mind you , some might be offended by his exaggeration of a stereotype , but that's another story altogether ) . but when an experienced " voice " actor upstages all of the main stars in a summer " blockbuster " romantic comedy with an over-the-top antonio banderas accent , damn dude . . . your film's in trouble ! ! rent this movie on video just to see what went wrong yourself . the references to ricky ricardo and senor wences ( huh ! ? ) , the idio-plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he's going to kill himself ( hardy-har-har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball-sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . . . i could go on . but i won't because i do still respect all of the actors in this film and actually did laugh at azaria , green and tucci's antics from time to time ( ironic , eh . . . what about the leads , dammit ! ) and liked the premise behind the film ( before i saw the finished product , of course ) . a dud all the way around . btw , all the talk about this film was that julia roberts was to be in a fat suit for one scene ( her character is supposed to have lost 60 pounds ) , so when the scene finally came , i did get a little excited about what it might look like and then . . . well , it basically just looked like julia roberts in a fat suit ! ugh . i think i'm gonna start drinking again after this lame-ass movie . c'mon hollywood , enough with the crud ! where's joblo coming from ? beautiful ( 1/10 ) - my best friend's wedding ( 7/10 ) - notting hill ( 5/10 ) - pretty woman ( 7/10 ) -runaway bride ( 5/10 ) - someone like you ( 4/10 ) - wedding planner ( 3/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 )
[127]	neg	neg	yes	. as the story opens , an angry gloria ( stone ) is being released from prison after 3 years confinement . she's got a bad attitude and a big mouth . she also has a bad case of wavering and overblown new york accents , a disease suffered by much of the rest of the cast . an annoying child actor named jean-luke figueroa plays a soon-to-be orphan named nicky . just before his whole family is gunned down by hoods working for gloria's ex-boyfriend kevin ( jeremy northam ) , nicky's dad gives him a banana yellow floppy disk with secrets about kevin's operation and offers him a piece of fatherly advice . " be a man , " his father lectures him sternly . " don't trust nobody . not no broads . nobody . " most of the film's leaden dialog is delivered with the emotive power of the automated time and temperature announcements . add in the movie's almost non-existent background noise and the excruciatingly slow pacing , and you can hear the sounds of the lines falling to the ground like stones . lumet places his actors in the frames like fruit in a still life painting . they stand awkwardly mouthing the stiff sentences that pass for discourse . ( " say you're my baby , " kevin coos demandingly . " i'm not gonna , " gloria pouts back . ) the movie has a plethora of logical flaws and implausibilites . the kid rarely seems the least bit worried or scared , no matter how many people are after him with guns , trying to kill him . and in one key scene , the yellow floppy he holds is assumed to be the right disk without checking it and is further assumed never to have been copied . gloria , who keeps saying how she hates kids , takes nicky under her wing and protects him from kevin and the bad guys . think her maternal instincts will show up before the movie finally and predictably ends ? if you don't know the answer , you may be just the right viewer for this film . you have to say this for stone : she can keep a straight face . when explaining life to a 7-year-old kid , she says with utter seriousness , " you got a lot of love making to make ; you got a lot of boozing to do . " gloria runs 1 : 48 . it is rated r for profanity , violence and brief male nudity and would be acceptable for teenagers .
[128]	neg	neg	yes	susan granger's review of " ghosts of mars " ( sony pictures entertainment ) horror auteur john carpenter ( " halloween , " " vampires " ) strikes out with this sci-fi eco-fable that's so bad it boggles the mind to imagine how the project ever got green-lit . the script by carpenter and larry sulkis appears to have been lifted directly from last year's " pitch black , " involving a violent prisoner who must be released from bondage so that he can help a small band of humans protect themselves from blood-thirsty , marauding aliens . in the year 2176 , there are 640 , 000 earthlings on mars , living in a matriarchal society led by a commander , played by pam grier . grier , pill-poppin' natasha henstridge , and some rookie mars police officers ( clea duvall , jason statham ) travel to the remote mining town of shining canyon to fetch " desolation " williams - that's ice cube - to bring him back to chryse city to stand trial for murder . but when they're besieged by demented , zombie-like , body-snatching miners , they readily free the scowling ice cube since they need him for protection . it seems a red cloud was released from a shining canyon cave and , soon after , most of the miners went bonkers as long-dormant remnants of an ancient martian civilization took over their minds and bodies , lopping off heads as " vengeance for anything that tries to lay claim to their planet , " according to a scientist ( joanna cassidy ) . carpenter uses so many flashbacks to tell the " night of the living dead " -like story that the idiotic plot gets incomprehensibly confusing . but you can easily predict each of the supporting characters who will be killed , along with the order of their elimination . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " ghosts of mars " thuds to a laborious , bottom-of-the-barrel 1 . perhaps , indeed , there is a curse on mars films , if you recall two other duds : " mission to mars " and " red planet . "
[129]	neg	neg	yes	plot : based on the wildly popular " jerry springer " tv show , this movie follows the lives of two groups of people before they make their bizarre appearances on the infamous program . one posse comes from the trailer parks and are to be featured in the " i slept with my stepfather " segment , and the other is based on some fly-girl whose girlfriends keep sleeping with her undevoted " dog " boyfriend . critique : the truth is that if i didn't have a day job , i would probably watch the real " jerry springer " show every day . i find it quite entertaining , despite its complete lack of redeeming value . having said that , the show itself is outrageous , funny , and always filled with goofy surprises , as opposed to this film which features no laughs ( is this a comedy or a drama ? ) , uninteresting and completely unbelievable one-dimensional stereotypes , and a contrived plot which bores us stupid all the way . i never thought i would utter the word boring in the same sentence as jerry springer , but this film is an absolute yawn-fest , despite offering various scenes featuring simulated blowjobs , lesbians , t&a and tv violence ( who would've guessed that ? ) . i wish they would have either a ) made this movie much , much funnier , or b ) turned it into a complete drama and given us a real perspective as to why people like this actually put themselves through these public forums of embarrassment . unfortunately , it doesn't seem as though screenwriter jon bernstein spent more than a drunken weekend watching real " jerry springer " reruns to complete his script , leaving us with a boring film , featuring no laughs , one-dimensional characters , and no fun whatsoever . little known facts about this film and its stars : jerry springer used to be the mayor of cincinnati , ohio . for this film , he won the 1999 razzie award for worst new star , tied with joe esterhas from an alan smithee film : burn hollywood burn .
[130]	neg	neg	yes	i never understood what the clich ? " hell on earth " truly meant until very recently . i've just never experienced anything in my life which was so terrifying , so horrible , so monstrously deplorable that it justified being termed as " hell on earth " . after all , i've never been to war , i've never been the victim of any violent crime , i've never really been broken hearted , and i've never been audited ; so i really had no frame of reference as to people meant when they said that something was " hell on earth " then i saw cruel intentions . in a perfect world , i would be in charge of all the movie studios . the very first thing i'd do in this perfect world , would be to take every hollywood producer who thinks that setting any story in contemporary america with a 20-something cast playing teenagers and featuring a soundtrack ripped directly from mtv , and throw them in jail . but it wouldn't just be your average jail , not even a maximum security installation . i'd have these producers ( and everyone else involved in the production of these films ) put in front of a war crimes tribunal and forced to beg for mercy for their crimes against humanity . now you're probably thinking to yourself : " is this really how bad cruel intentions is ? " the answer is no . it's actually much worse . watching the cast of this motion picture atrocity try to act their way through roger kumble's awfully written script is probably a lot like stabbing yourself in the arm with a chainsaw and then pouring salt on the open wound . and then pouring acid on the salt . i don't know if kumble was trying to evoke comedy or tragedy out of his opening scene where marci greenbaum ( tara reid ) whines about having nude photos of her posted on the internet , but the only emotion i felt was sheer boredom . from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i don't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits .
[131]	neg	neg	yes	in her mouth , and a plastered on expressionless facade . it's not that anyone's bad here ; it's that they have nothing to do . the plot is a joke , feeling like it was pasted together by someone in post-production who dropped each scene on the floor and pasted them together quickly so it could be released on time . the jackal himself is not even much of an international villain . there are several times where he's in a tight situation and makes things worse for himself , the only explanation being that the filmmakers wanted to toss in a cheap thrill . take a scene where he's being followed by some agents into a parking garage : he quickly sprays his car another color , and adds a solvent that if touched kills the person who touched it . doesn't killing someone attract more attention than it does distract ? and does he think dying his hair bottle blond makes him fit in in a public place ? geez ! is there anything good here ? well . . . a couple things . i did like willis's icy expressions ; he may not have been real suave or anything , but some of his looks are worth a chuckle . richard gere has a couple of good moments , making his character as likable as he possibly could have . and a couple sequences are kicky in that kind of proposterous , completely inane but fun kinda way , most notably : a sequence where he tests out a new gun on an annoying gun builder ( jack black ) ; and a bit where he seduces a gay washington man , which has its share of a couple good jokes , most particular a kiss by willis . but none of these elevate the film any higher than it could go ; they're just little distractions along the way to amuse us mildly then toss us back into the world of dullness and stupidity that is " the jackal . " director michael caton-jones ( who directed the far superior " rob roy " ) has made a film that is made very couple months , one that is unentertaining , unintriguing , and pretty much cold , but will nevertheless make money because , hey , the trailers do make it look like it may be fun in that kind of retro-clancy kinda way . every now and then , the filmmakers get it right ( " clear and present danger , " which was enormous fun in that smart kinda way ) , but " the jackal " is an example of when they go completely wrong .
[132]	neg	neg	yes	" showgirls " is the first big-budget , big-studio film to receive an nc-17 rating . and its release last year came at a time when senator bob dole and other politicans chastised the entertainment industry for promoting sex and violence . but if " showgirls " is any indication of hollywood's future , the folks in washington should focus their attack on a more dangerous threat to american values--bad moviemaking . " showgirls " is a relentlessly exploitive look at the las vegas strip scene , and the film turns out to be just as trashy as its subject matter . director paul verhoeven and writer joe eszterhas , who collaborated on another shock-value project , 1992's " basic instinct , " follow the plight of a young woman ( teen tv star elizabeth berkley ) determined to make a name for herself as a topless dancer . it's a hackneyed premise to begin with , so not surprisingly , all of the stock characters are trucked out . there's the demanding producer . the loyal friend . the bitchy competitor . lest i forget the scummy club owner . of course , any attempt at character development or a coherent storyline is just window dressing for the film's main attraction--an endless parade of full-frontal nudity . unfortunately , " showgirls " doesn't satisfy in this department . verhoeven's slam-bang , in-your-face style of direction proves neither arousing nor erotic . to make matters worse , you'll be forced to sit through the movie's clothed scenes , which don't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history . verhoeven and ezsterhas deserve credit for trying to break ground , but if it's adult entertainment you want , stay home and watch the playboy channel . you'll be the wiser for it .
[133]	neg	neg	yes	here's a concept -- jean-claude van damme gets killed within the first ten minutes of the movie . now if that isn't enough to get you to finally see a van damme movie , i don't know what is . all sarcasm aside , it is certainly a different way to start a movie , of course a few minutes later we find out that the newly deceased had a twin brother -- so lucky us , we get to see more of jean-claude . van damme #1 works for the russian mafia in the united states and is killed by some of their operatives . van damme #2 is a police officer in france who finds out that he had a twin brother he never knew about after #1 gets killed in france . the remaining twin ( the french cop ) goes to the united states to find out who killed his brother and avenge his death . once there , he hooks up with his deceased brother's girlfriend , played by natasha henstridge , and the two of them set out to discover who the murderers are . jean-claude's acting abilities don't seem to be up to the usual lackluster standards in this movie . in other words , just in case you missed the sarcasm , his acting is worse than normal . on the upside , natasha henstridge is in this film , and she does what she did best in species -- she gets naked . sadly , this is probably the high point in the movie . she is actually a decent actress , but didn't improve as much as i thought she would after species . this is the typical van damme movie , with jean-claude doing a variety of high end martial arts moves on his opponents . nothing new here , and certainly nothing we haven't seen in every other van damme movie . simply put , there is absolutely nothing new about this movie . it has a retread plot -- this isn't the first time jean-claude has played twins . he still can't act . we all saw natasha's breasts in species ( although this is one repeat performance i'm not complaining about ) . this is pretty much like every movie that van damme has ever been involved in -- sub par .
[134]	neg	neg	yes	( even danny trejo , who will do practically anything , doesn't look like he is enjoying himself ) , causing the audience to quickly lose interest . evidence of public disapproval was noted when a woman behind me yelled " boy this movie is horrible ! " and when there were scattered giggles during the most dramatic moments . the story follows a man , rudy ( ben affleck ) , who is leaving prison in a few days along with his best friend and cellmate nick ( james frain ) . nick has been exchanging love letters with a beautiful woman , ashley ( charlize theron ) , and cannot wait to leave prison and meet her in person . when nick is killed in a prison riot , rudy decides to pretend to be nick and take ashley out on a date for the christmas holidays . unfortunately ashley's brother , gabriel ( gary sinise ) interferes with their relationship . thinking rudy is nick , he kidnaps rudy and threatens to kill him unless he helps rob a casino , which nick use to work at as a security guard . now rudy must pretend to be nick so he can protect ashley from her brother gabriel . confused ? the movie only gets more complex as it goes on , until it gets way , way too complex at its climax . but reindeer games makes its first serious mistake during the first half an hour . the hero commits a greedy , selfish act when he decides to pretend he is his dead cellmate in order to date ashley . some hero . the point of a hero is to do the morally correct thing , a person for the audience to relate to or admire . when rudy lies and cheats his way into trouble , instead of gathering support from me for him to ultimately succeed in getting the bad guys , i felt more like he was getting what he deserved and even wanted to see him fail at times . the most irritating part of the film ( besides the fact that this is a christmas movie released in february ) is the number of chances the bad guys get to kill rudy but fail or delay for some idiotic reason . the routine in which the bad guy must explain his genius plan to the hero before attempting to kill him with some elaborate machine is getting so tired nowadays , especially when i eagerly want to see the hero dead . the only saving grace keeping this movie from receiving zero stars is an amusing but pointless cameo from isaac hayes as a prisoner upset with his food . why he was in this movie for such a pointless role beats me . why any of these people had anything at all to do with this movie beats me .
[135]	neg	neg	yes	if a very poor one . the main problem is that there are too many characters in the film , and not enough time to explore them all . only the space crew are given any depth , jenny lerner , leo and the president are surprisingly 2d , and we never get to know these characters . and because i couldn't care for them , i didn't really give a crap if the asteroid killed them or not . the script by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin is horribly simple , and never really makes any interesting statements . mimi leder , the former er director and director of the average the peacemaker ( 1996 ) , again directs in a ho-hum style , and never really gets any emotion out of a scene , which is a shame . the cast are seemingly on autopilot , although tea leoni does gives a rather good performance , even if she acts a bit too dorky for her own good . she seems uncommonly stupid for a journalist . robert duvall is on autopilot with a underwritten role , he just seems to be in this film for the money . elijah wood , one of the best child actors working today , is surprisingly average , although his choice of roles lately haven't exactly been brilliant ( i . e . flipper , 1996 ) . his role is also vastly underwritten . morgan freeman , again , is utterly wasted with a ridiculously underwritten role . like duvall , he just seems to be in the film for the money . the supporting cast are all o . k , none making much of an impression . ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ? well , yes and no . although the special effects should be impressive , with a massive tidal wave destroying new york , the special effects look like , well , special effects . sadly , the waves looks like it's been drawn on computer , and doesn't look too good at all . surprising really , when the effects are done by industrial light & magic , who did the effects for the lost world and twister . in the end , deep impact is a wasted opportunity . what could of been a moving movie with good effects turns out to be a dud in both characters and effects . the 2 hours the film had could have been used to much greater effect . once again , dreamworks has churned out another average movie . let's hope armageddon is a bit better . overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities
[136]	neg	neg	yes	among themselves and with each other , while the necessary problems are " resolved " at the right moments . the only thing worse than the screenplay is the fact it's presented in a completely serious manner without a trace of satire , and is so pathetic it's laughable . the first act is not a building of a story , but a juxtaposition of scenes that serve no purpose other than to plug in all the required elements ( such as plot , conflict , and characterization - god forbid ! ) . we're provided with the minimum amount possible of these elements to keep the film from being completely silent . in fact , it might as well be since the dialogue is virtually non-existent . yes , the characters do speak , but they do not talk . they say things that only relate to the conflict , but they never really interact ( unless it's the cartoony flirting scenes between arrogant major don west ( leblanc ) and uptight , unemotional judy robinson ( graham ) ) . it's amazing that after an hour of trite dialogue and generic plot devices that so little happens . eventually the pacing rapidly increases , but the amount of genuine interest does not . the story finally gains some prospective by living up to its title as the robinsons find themselves lost in space after narrowly managing to defeat dr . smith ( oldman ) , the cartoony villain , and his plans for sabotage . what ensues is a series upon series of completely unrelated conflicts . the first such scene takes place on an abandoned spaceship and what ensues could best be described as " alien " -lite . the story changes again when the robinsons crash land on an alien planet and must act quickly to escape it and survive . but there's never any real notion of suspense here because the script constantly wanders aimlessly . plotlines are developed , but each becomes totally irrelevant as the story changes from scenario to scenario . the atmosphere attempts to be surreal by incorporating time travel and various time paradoxes , but it's presented in such a ridiculous way it's utterly boring . by the time the last act rolls around , there is no sense of a payoff building . the ending does not go out on a high note with any kind of climax , instead , it seems to come to a sudden halt ( but at least it ends at all ) . " lost in space " is major film production at its worst . it's frightening that a film so poorly written , directed , and acted might be considered mainstream entertainment .
[137]	neg	pos	no	takes place on a peaceful new england college campus . like most slasher flicks , this one also centers around a young female main character whose friends are slowly killed off by a knife wielding maniac ( or in this case an axe wielding maniac ) . i've always wondered why these killers don't save themselves a lot of time and trouble and just go after the person they ultimately aim to kill . after the fine first scene , the movie degenerates into a monotonous series of those annoying you-thought-it-was-the-killer-but-was-just- someone-else scares . these are always accompanied by loud bursts of music . i guess sudden , sharp music chords are what passes for terror these days . the actual killer will attack at about every third music blast . the slasher appears , attacks , the victim is eviscerated , and the tedious cycle appears anew . false scares should always be used in moderation . someone needs to tell director blanks that things like this just aren't as scary as they used to be . this movie commits the biggest sin a horror film can commit--it's not frightening . remember the horror movie cliches that were so mercilessly mocked in _scream_ and _scream 2_ ? this movie still adheres to them . tons of illogical moments about ; more than i really have the inclination to list . and i don't mean illogical in the summer popcorn movie sense . that type of illogical can be fun . this film insults your intelligence more times than i care to remember . the last 20 minutes especially degenerates into such lunacy that you'll be laughing more than you'll be screaming . actually , you won't be screaming at all . at its best , the acting can barely be called " adequate " and the script could've definitely used a rewrite or two . the film still manages to have some strong points . the killings are certainly inventive and plentiful enough to satistfy most gore fans . there are some intentionally funny moments . ( these were exceeded by the unintentional ones . ) the film is well made from a technical standpoint . besides the first part , there is also another good scene , a prolonged cat and mouse chase inside a radio station . if there had only been more sequences like this , that relied on tautness and suspense rather than loud bursts of music , _urban legend_ might've been worth your money .
[138]	neg	neg	yes	with disappointment . we're talking ralph fiennes here , one of the best actors working today , one of the best actors * ever * . i love the guy . i've loved all his films , until this one . he seems like he wants to understand the film , but he's as lost as we are . and thurman , in all of her spectacular beauty and talent , can't manage to look at home here . ( i don't blame her completely , for there is a strange subplot involving her evil twin that is never explained in any way , and it can't be easy to deal with such terrible screenwriting . ) connery , however , seems the most out of it , totally lacking any kind of focus , or interest , for that matter . who is to blame ? is it the screenwriter , don macpherson ? perhaps , although i can see a shell of a story here that could have been a good superhero movie had it been handled right . is it the actors ? for god's sake , no -- these people clearly lost interest when they saw the inevitable path of destruction on which this film was travelling . i blame director jeremiah chechik , who shouldn't have been given the task to begin with . his best film , benny & joon , is quirky in the same way that this one was supposed to be , but here it mostly seems like a lot of failed attempts at wit and humor . add to that a lack of experience in big-budget action , and you have the worst choice for director this side of james ivory . if the avengers has a saving grace , it's the set design . the sets ( by stuart craig ) are big , colorful , and often pleasing to look at . i like the final set-piece , on de wynter's island , even if none of it makes a bit of sense . i admired the overhead view of the stairs , showing dr . peel running around in circles and never getting anywhere . i also enjoyed michael kamen's music score , particularly in the opening credits . but this stuff is routine -- good sets and music are nice , but there's a lot more that needs to be here . inspiration , for instance , would have been really nice . maybe a little bit of cohesion in the story . or a sense of purpose . most of all , though , i would have liked to see these actors relish in their roles . damn this movie for not giving them the chance .
[139]	neg	neg	yes	the trailer gives away much , too much of the story . the shooter is killed instantly , so the story revolves around why the secretary was killed and who is involved in the conspiracy . the film's secret is ho-hum at best , and anyone who has watched the trailer and is aware of the law of economy of characters can figure out who the top conspirator is . without an interesting plot , without interesting dialogue , and without much of a reason to care about the characters or the story , snake eyes is a failure on almost every possible level . as much as i hated this movie , i must give brian de palma one tiny bit of credit . de palma is maddeningly inconsistent . he can , on his day , create amazingly well-done movies ( the untouchables , carlito's way ) . on off-days , he can be , well , just horrid ( the bonfire of the vanities , raising cain ) . snake eyes falls into the horrid category , but there are a couple of moments that are worth seeing strictly for their film-school degree-of-difficulty value . the steadicam opening scene does a good job of introducing the cage character and is a virtuoso technical job by both the director and the actor . there is a split-screen chase scene that looks pretty good , and it's followed by a god's eye view of a bank of hotel rooms that's imaginitively done . this is what's called giving the devil his due . but the technical skill doesn't even come close to making up for the sheer evil of this movie . placing plot holes to one side for a moment , snake eyes features easily the worst boxing match in cinema history ( george foreman is in better shape than the movie boxers ) , a hurricane that exists for no other reason than to punctuate significant plotlines with portentuous thunderclaps , and perhaps the worst , most overly drawn out ending in years . snake eyes is a criminal act , an evil waste of time and talent . cage , sinise , and yes , even de palma deserve better . the audience deserves better -- but no refund , no re-admit pass , no free popcorn coupon , can ever restore to us the time we've spent or wash the awful images from our mind . however , we are left with one consolation , that we were warned by the movie's title -- because snake eyes is nothing more than a roll of craps .
[140]	neg	neg	yes	is too cluttered . but in defense , it does have some good parts , other than uma . for one , george is a good batman but unfortunately gets nothing to do . and there are some nice touches . when they show the asylum at one point , they show the patient's belongings in a room and we see the riddler's costume . i laughed . and during a biker scene ( involving robin and batgirl - another subplot never handled past initiation period ) , we not only see coolio but a bunch of bad-asses dressed as " droogs " from " a clockwork orange . " i laughed at all these . the film falls apart around the five-minute mark during an enormously long action sequence which must last around 20 minutes . . . or did it just feel like that ? the film should serve as another in the long-line of films which demonstrate that we need more intelligent films nowadays . people are fed up with stupid films . that's why the word of mouth killed " the lost world ! " that's why last year , indy films grossed more than ever . that's why this will have a strong box-office initative from people who just want to see it , like me , but will die after a week or two when the word around the grapevine kills it . that's why the next two big-budget aciton pics are john woo's " face/off " and barry sonnenfeld's " men in black , " both which are the first two to catch on to the wave early on . i like joel schumacher more as a person than an artiste . i like some of his films ( " flatliners , " " a time to kill " ) but a lot of them suck . he's a really eccentric person and i loved one of his quotes about how he admits to being a mediocre director and that's what makes him great . but his costuming for woody allen's " sleeper " was more interesting than this one ( and his costuming was cool - look for the nazi number ) . i love the " batman " series . the first two rocked and i did like the last one . but this one is not going to be one that i watch repeatedly like the other three . hopefully , this will also serve as a springboard to a better batman next time . and maybe they'll get smart and bring back catwoman . and michael keaton . but we can only hope .
[141]	neg	neg	yes	to sit through it again ; just take my word for it ) . but all of this doesn't matter since " virus " is basically just one loud , cluttered mess of a movie . the action scenes are muddled and as difficult to follow as any action movie i've ever seen ( my , um , favorite part was the scene where a trio of them end up somehow on the outside of the ship , during a five minute bouillabaisse of tidal waves , rain , and any other ocean-extremeties the film can cook up , then end up back in the ship when one of them is revealed to have apparently drowned - well , i must say , thanks for telling me afterwards because i sure couldn't figure it out when i saw it ) . imagine the first attack of the aliens in " aliens , " shot from the pov of the soldiers and then the authorities in the battle car if it was all hard to follow and done without any dramatic intensity , and that's basically the whole of " virus " : one horribly-directed action scene after the other , capping it off with a proposterous gadget that saves the day and at least a couple of the original cast members . and my god , it's a long damn sit . with no interesting characters , no dramatic urgency , no tension , not one good moment of action , and no mesmerizing visuals , it's a wonder that it even got made . we already know that big movie studios' mentality is shallow at best , and movies like " out of sight " and " saving private ryan " give you more faith in them , but movies like " virus " manage to drain a little more out of the pool . i almost wish that instead of making this movie , john bruno had gone cinema verite and captured the meetings with universal heads when they gave this film a green light . they read the script , they knew they were entrusting millions upon millions of dollars into a director who might have very well been a cameron hack ( and he is ) , and they still went ahead with the project , only to have bruno and company shit back in their face . even though i hold universal in contempt for making this horrible movie , i'd say even more contempt should be aimed at mr . bruno for making a movie that could be this bad . in fact , shouts of " egad , man , what were you doing when you worked for cameron anyway ? " are not only justifiable , but encouraged .
[142]	neg	pos	no	, a pimp for " man-whores , " who arranges for deuce to service an assortment of women whose imperfections keep them from dating . there's an enormous woman ( played by transvestite porn star chi chi la rue ) who hides food in her clothes . there's claire ( gail o'grady ) whose narcolepsy causes her to fall asleep every few minutes . tina ( torsten voges ) is so tall her face doesn't fit on the screen , and ruth ( amy poehler ) has tourette's syndrome and shouts obscenities without warning . finally there's kate ( arija bareikis ) whose sorority sisters secretly paid her fare . she seems perfect , and deuce quickly falls in love with her . ( she does , we discover later , have an imperfection , but deuce decides it isn't important . ) deuce's life is complicated by a bothersome cop ( william forsythe ) looking for information on antoine and by kate's discovery of his man-whoring . however , neither threat generates much suspense . the formula is so familiar that we know how it will end from the start . " deuce bigalow " is the first project from adam sandler's company happy madison , the formation of which assures that we'll be seeing the sandler style of comedy mass-produced at an increasing rate in years to come . be afraid . be very afraid . the good news is that sandler doesn't actually appear in " deuce " and that rob schneider and eddie griffin are funnier than sandler . schneider has a sweetness that makes the clueless but good-hearted deuce believable . griffin's delivery is dead-on , especially in the coining of " technical terms " for t . j . 's profession , as in " don't make me he-bitch man-slap you ! " there's the expected amount of toilet humor in " deuce . " ( for one thing , deuce's dad is a men's room attendant ) . does anyone over the age of eight actually find bowel movements that funny ? for most of us , i think that childhood fascination with bodily functions disappears when we hit the far-side of puberty and discover how funny sex is . i , for one , will be glad when the toilet trend is finally flushed . bottom line : " deuce " doesn't offer anything new but it is intermittently funny .
[143]	neg	neg	yes	frankly , wasn't used enough here ) , i'm afraid the film would have been completely unbearable . in this film , ashley judd plays a women who is wrongfully convicted of killing her husband while out sailing for a weekend . while in jail she finds out that her husband really is alive and that he framed the murder on her . over money ( how original ) . while in jail she works out , exercises and basically does her best to get into near perfect condition . now she has learned about a law titled " double jeopardy " stating that if she serves her full sentence and get out she could kill her husband and the law could not touch her ( although there has been talk that this is not the way the actual law works ) . now her po ( parole officer ) , and a bunch of cops are chasing after her and are conflicted whether or not to believe her claims . skipping over to the acting : the fact that judd is more of a looker than an actress ( no offense , she has been good [simon birch] and even very good to great [kiss the girls] at times , in the past and i believe may have the potential to be better . . . but she's terribly unconvincing in this and her performance seems stale and unsatisfying ) doesn't really add to the movie at all ; just takes away . as i'd said , jones was fine , although he did not have much to work with . he was much more of a supporting character . which is fine , and he handled it well ; especially considering the material he had to work with . i feel this film had alot going for it . originality not being an issue . the acting was the only thing ( as i said ) keeping it alive . the plot seemed pretty intriguing and could have been as well if applied better . the action scenes were well made ( however sometimes out of place ) . i was just left unsatisfied in the long run . so basically some of the action may have been exciting but genuinely over-thought , the plot has certainly been done before ( generally speaking ) , the movie moves way too fast for us to get involved in either the characters or the plot , and is basically a film that was almost saved by tommy lee jones , who if he had some more screentime , could perhaps have earned the film a higher rating ; in my book , anyway . keep this in mind , if you're in the mood for a good action film -- rent the fugitive . d+
[144]	neg	neg	yes	fairness to frankenheimer , however , i should note that most of dead-bang's shortcomings seem to stem from its shabby script rather than from the direction . dead-bang tries to don a mask of social relevance by incorporating themes of racism and white supremacy , but its efforts are nothing more than token gestures and nothing less than insulting . according to the movie's production notes , dead-bang is based on the real-life experiences of still-active detective jerry beck . you would never guess this from watching dead-bang , however , since the film totally lacks credibility ; it is utterly unconvincing and unbelievable . most of the characters in dead-bang are either atrociously acted , underdeveloped , superfluous , or all of the above . william forsythe , for example , is painfully bad as arthur kressler , a wholesome by-the-book fbi agent who's offended by beck's foul language and unorthodox methods . forsythe's lame performance and corny dialogue makes his character unbearable . dead-bang marks the motion picture debut of tim reid ( " wkrp in cincinnati " and " frank's place " ) , but his talents are completely wasted in a cliched and contrived role ; he plays the chief officer of a squadron of black cops who help beck to nail the villains . the sole function of penelope ann miller's character is to give dead-bang an excuse to include a gratuitous love scene between characters about whom you could not care less . i guess the film's title refers to this love scene since it's definitely a dead bang . the only real virtue of dead-bang , believe it or not , is don johnson , who tries to overcome the limitations of the movie's pitiful script . johnson succeeds in giving his character a sarcastic sense of humor and a hint of depth , and his pessimistic wisecracks occasionally bring the film to life . and i must admit that dead-bang does have one or two amusing moments . the funniest scene has johnson throwing-up all over a criminal as he interrogates him . but when barf is the highlight of a movie , you know the movie's in trouble . the other amusing scene involves a psychological examination of beck , in which he can't keep a straight face because the psychiatrist resembles woody allen . but two funny scenes and a couple good wisecracks do not a movie make .
[145]	neg	neg	yes	as each character contemplates what he/she would do with their share of the three million dollars . director mikael salomon has made sure that hard rain ends up turning everything topsy-turvy , and whilst the film may at first appear to be a definite goodies versus baddies ,  there are numerous twists in its plot that make this a slightly more enjoyable experience . but by the time these interesting changes occur , its far too late in the film for them to have much affect . hard rains continuos corniness and lack of originality washes out whatever hope the script may have had ; and although its cast is somewhat appealing most of its stars act well below par . not at one stage capturing what could have been a fabulous on screen battle between slater and freeman , we are left to reminisce on films that dared to do something different and achieved more than what was expected . such titles as broken arrow ( slater and john travolta ) and face/off ( nicholas cage and john travolta ) come to mind as films that have mastered silver screen confrontations . strangely enough , they were both directed by john woo and both star john travolta . we can forgive morgan freeman for giving a slightly disappointing performance since he is newish to the action genre , but christian slater could have achieved so much more had the amount of crummy one liners been reduced and some personality added to his character . if you had asked me whether slater could perform well enough to substantially boost a movie prior to the release of broken arrow , my answer would have been a definite no . i now know that he has no excuse , and _can_ do better ( if you dont believe me rent a copy of broken arrow from your local video store ) . although hard rain never really works from the start , i somehow felt feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen . the addition of an enticing sub-plot would have given the film time to breathe , rather than try to cram 96 minutes of action and disaster into a story that cant handle anything else . despite the fact that hard rain fails on almost every account , if your standards are low enough you may find this to be a mildly enjoyable film . no creative flair and no inventive scenes means that hard rain does not stand up well against its many competitors , but it doesnt really matter since the last thing you would want to do after shelling about $8 . 50 is compare this to other films .
[146]	neg	neg	yes	with some of the most unlikely dialogue the screenplay has to offer . theo's assessment of the house ? " i love it ! sort of charles foster kane meets the munsters . " who on earth would say that in place of " citizen kane meets the munsters " ? ( furthermore , would you gladly spend a single night in a house befitting that description ? ) both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland . as luke puts it , dr . marrow pulls the old " academic bait and switch " on his subjects , but he breaks down and confesses to this the second he's accused . later , he risks his life by climbing a crumbling stairwell to save nell ( it's amusing to hear neeson shout " nell " repeatedly , given his starring role in the 1994 jodie foster vehicle of the same name ) . why was this nice , helpful , and redemptive researcher so absent of ethics at the start ? the haunting was well designed by eugenio zanetti . his sets are obsessively detailed , and even before the cgi kicks in , they seem alive , never quite still . i do have one beef with this aspect of the production : the real life mansion used in exterior shots , nottinghamshire's harlaxton manor , is so vast that one has trouble believing that nell and company , no matter how much running away they do from ghosts and goblins , always finish up in locations that were established in act one , as if all the action has been confined to one wing of hill house . eighty million dollars was spent on the haunting , and despite a powerhouse box office debut , i doubt it will recoup its costs ( including marketing ) domestically . thank jan de bont for that : proving for the third time that speed was a fluke , in that it was actually enjoyable , de bont has served up another ride , sans thrill . his images , well-lit though they are , have an unmistakable been there-done that quality ; in fact , whole sequences , not to mention the cloaked , airy ghoul who owns the climax , feel lifted from a much smarter and infinitely more enjoyable spectacle from three summers back , peter jackson's the frighteners . i don't mean to suggest de bont is a plagiarist , i mean to suggest that he's a hack , having found no new ways to give us chills .
[147]	neg	neg	yes	know it from their work here . mr . harrelson is uncomfortably awkward , apparently never having gotten a firm handle on vince . the christian conversion angle simply falls flat and unbelievable . mr . banderas is uncharacteristically non-charismatic as caesar . weak and ineffectual , there is little life in his screen performance . the other actors involved merely play stereotypes of one sort or another . tom sizemore ( saving private ryan ) , robert wagner ( austin powers ii : the spy who shagged me ) , and richard masur ( fire down below ) are crooked promoters , lucy liu ( payback ) is a sex-starved hitchhiker looking for a good time , and lolita davidovich ( gods and monsters ) , is the shared girlfriend who can't make her mind up which boxer she prefers . because of the weak characters and the lack of screen chemistry between them , the film flounders with all the appeal of a dead fish until the boxing match actually begins . but even then , because the outcome is so predictably obvious , the suspense factor is negated and we are relegated to just watching two men pummel each other . writer/director ron shelton clearly spent much time orchestrating the fight sequence as it is well photographed , well-choreographed , well-edited , and well-performed . if only some of that same detailed attention had been diverted to the remaining parts of the film . as it is , the scenes which require the characters to actually talk to one another are weak and laughable . the title is actually the most interesting aspect of the film . the phrase , " play it to the bone' is a reference to seeing something all the way through or not quitting until you've achieved your desired goal . that is a biblical principle . " know ye not that they which run in a race run all , but one receiveth the prize ? so run , that ye may obtain . " 1 corinthians 9 : 24 [kjv] achieving anything worthy in life requires " playing it to the bone " . we need to develop fully persuaded mindsets and commitment levels in order to endure and persevere past the obstacles and distractions which lay between us and our stated objectives . this is true in practical matters of our physical lives as well as the in the developing maturity of our spiritual lives . as a movie , play it to the bone is hardly worth our time . but as a principle of life , the phrase " play it to the bone " are words to live by .
[148]	neg	neg	yes	run-time was looking at catherine zeta-jones . now while this may be a compliment for ms . zeta-jones , it certainly isn't for either the writers or the director , who are not nearly as clever as they think they are . just about the most profound thought they can inject into this film is when they have macdougal lecture baker on the semantic difference between " entrapment " and " blackmail " . with an eighty million dollar budget , you'd think that entrapment would at least feature edge-of-your seat action scenes or breathtaking special f/x . well , you'd be wrong . the action that is present in this film takes place in a huge skyscraper and is relatively unspectacular . unfortunately for all those involved with entrapment , die hard narrowly beat it to the screen by ? 11 years . the reality is that after 15 minutes of watching this picture , you know exactly what's going to happen , despite rather pathetic attempts in the screenplay to throw in plot twists . many scenes seem to exist merely as a reason to outfit zeta-jones in extremely tight-fitting clothing . one particular scene features baker crawling around trying to avoid laser-beams while she tries to steal an ancient chinese mask . nothing wrong with that , but she entered the room from the floor and knew exactly where the mask was - so why didn't she and macdougal tunnel in directly under the mask instead of the other side of the room ? i'll tell you why : because it's a great excuse to photograph zeta-jones' posterior as it slides underneath those beams ( and it also allows a second scene of the exact same thing - the rehearsal ) . ving rhames also makes an appearance in this movie , and though he has great screen presence ( although so do connery and zeta-jones ) and the most interesting character in the film , not even he can rescue this film from the depths of the boring film abyss ( a concept i invented just to describe this picture ) . one last complaint : entrapment is littered of instances where macdougal will just slip into a shadow or behind a building , or he becomes obstructed by a moving vehicle and then in the next shot , he'll spontaneously disappear in ninja-like fashion . i can picture amiel patting himself on the back , thinking to himself " it'll leave the audience wondering for days : how did he do that ? " we know jon , it's called editing .
[149]	neg	neg	yes	, and badly acted . don't get me wrong , i think that deniro is one of the top ten greatest actors of the century , but he is just out of his league here . i think the problem is he didn't quite know how to approach this material . he plays his character , mob boss paull vitti , somewhere in between the realm of comedy and drama . if he had played the character straight , along the lines of leslie nielson in the " naked gun " series , he probably would have been a lot more successful . as it is , though , he plays the character completely serious at some moments , and for laughs at others . this doesn't work . it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it's him . and the movie is badly paced , too . it never takes off . it just crawls from one scene to another without any forward momentum . i think the blame for this should be placed on the script . it's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie doesn't really go anywhere . the formula of the film seems to be this : billy crystal says no to deniro , deniro forces him , and much wackiness ensues . this formula of sorts is repeated several times throughout the movie . i've said it before and i'll say it again : the only thing that matters to me in a comedy is whether or not it's funny . if " analyze this " had been funny , the pacing and bad acting wouldn't have bothered me . i would have been too busy laughing to notice . but as it is , i only chuckled a few times . the only really funny scene is a dead-on parody of " the godfather " . sadly , though , i don't think anyone in the audience i saw it with realized it was a parody , because i was the only one laughing . but my sense of humour , i have come to realize , is vastly different from the general population . i loathed " there's something about mary " , yet loved " baseketball " . now , if you want a movie that * i * think is funny , go out and see " office space " . it's full of genuine laughs and won't leave you glancing at your watch every 10 minutes , as " analyze this " did .
[150]	neg	neg	yes	until after thirty--too late for most action fans--and by the time the hour mark has rolled around , your jaw will be on your cup holder and you'll be wondering why you elected to spend seven dollars on this mess . director hark tsui , whose previous film was the van damme/dennis rodman teamed " double team , " films at such a frenetic pace that it's hard to know what's going on , who's on whose side , and what the point of all this is . faster than you can yell " fruit stand ! " we're watching a crazed rickshaw race with schneider being bounced along by an energetic van damme . when schneider starts whacking van damme in the behind with a four-foot eel while enthusing " move your beautiful big ass , " the movie takes an unprecedented turn to the bizarre . every now and again " knock off " will deliver some truly ingenious directorial flourishes--inventive camera shots and angles , wild rides down gun silencers and from the tops of buildings to the sprawling street below , revealing cut-ins within the frame--but they all happen too quickly , and within such a furious frame of reference , that they're wasted . if only hark could have slowed things down just for a minute . if you're interested in the plot , you're better off reading a capsule review than trying to extract any meaning from the on-screen shenanigans : " jean-claude van damme plays a shady bluejeans manufacturer who uncovers a russian mafia plot to terrorize the world with " nanobombs " hidden in cabbage patch knock-offs . maybe . with paul sorvino . " a more accurate summary would be " jean-claude van damme bums around hong kong failing to avoid large , blatant coca-cola product placements . " the fact that the film is staged during hong kong's last days under british rule gets some lip service but doesn't figure in at all . perhaps " knock off " 's most intriguing credit is that ron and russell mael composed the frenzied music score . some of you might remember the mael brothers as the '80s synth pop duo sparks ; their contributions here are as confused as the accompanying action-- " kimono my house " indeed ! like the cheap jeans and " pumma " sneakers manufactured in hong kong , van damme's latest is a real phony .
[151]	neg	neg	yes	first husband twenty years earlier to find out who's willing to kill to keep that secret buried . newman . sarandon . hackman . with an a-list cast of oscar laureates like that , " twilight " would seem very promising . however , the script is tired and predictable . it would serve well as a tv-movie-of-the-week , possibly with some 1970's detective hero reprising his role . the appeal of the project for its stars and its director , robert benton , is nostalgia . " twilight " wants very much to be a 1940's film noir with alan ladd or dick powell . all of the standard tropes are here : a hard-boiled p . i . among the rich and beautiful whose glamour hides sinister secrets , a femme fatale who tempts and confounds the hero , shadowy figures shooting from doorways , dead bodies confronting the hero at every turn , cops dogging his path and interfering with his investigation . the script offers little originality , and co-authors benton and richard russo seem unaware that what was original in 1948 is a clich ? in 1998 . elmer bernstein's score is hauntingly melodic and could have been drawn note-for-note from a vintage noir . the lead actors try hard-none of the three has every made less than a full effort , even when burdened with a bad script . they try to invest every line and gesture with meaning , and they create a convincing sense of the relationships between the main characters . harry is fond of jack but is in love with catherine . jack is dying of cancer and is jealous of harry's love for catherine . catherine teases harry and enjoys his attention , but her real feelings are hidden beneath a carefully-maintained veneer . " twilight " wants to be character-driven like " nobody's fool " ( also directed by benton , also starring newman , based on a novel by russo ) was , but the tired script gives the actors too little to work with . " twilight " also squanders a fine supporting cast : stockard channing ( harry's friend on the police force ) , reese witherspoon ( jack & catherine's bratty kid ) , giancarlo esposito ( the humorous sidekick ) , john spencer ( harry's nemesis on the force ) , liev schreiber and margo martindale ( the blackmailers ) , and james garner ( a cop who bailed movie stars out of trouble ) .
[152]	neg	neg	yes	, who is an agent with the epa . no . . . not the cia nor the fbi nor the nsa . it's the environmental protection agency . i had no idea that epa agents were trained to be killers ! taggert is sent to find the perpetrators and to bring them to justice . written by someone named jeb , i could already envision the stereotypes of incestuous relationships , banjo-picking preachers , and dumb-as-nails rednecks . but the script puts seagal right smack dab in the middle of all of these scenarios as he tries to discreetly fit in . seagal's idea of a disguise is a long-length $1000 leather jacket . but to get closer to the kinfolk , he will fix people's porches for free . that's another great epa asset - teaching agents how to fix porches . slow and plodding , this project is a total mess . the sometimes allure of watching seagal is watching him outmaneuver enemies that outnumber and outgun him like in under seige . here , his bravado basically turns into bullyness . townsfolk who are foolish enough to challenge seagal are quickly subdued . fight scenes are quick and senseless and offers no enjoyment value whatsoever . and his soap box message wears thin within the first 15 minutes . the most annoying moment comes when he barges into the middle of a sunday church ceremony , gets behind the pulpit , and beseeches the townsfolk to take control of their lives and to help clean up the environment . but the epitome of how moralistically mushy this film gets happens when the person responsible for the toxic dumping , kristopherson , meets up with seagal . kristopherson asks seagal how much it will take for him to go away . seagal gallantly replies : " i'll leave when you take the poison from the streams and the earth . " i was expecting patriotic music to start blasting and a show of fireworks in the background . this is truly nothing more than a pompous showcase for seagal's righteousness and narcissistic arrogance . seagal has been vanguard in trying to bring a new genre into the filmplace , that of the enviro-thriller ( on deadly ground ) . however , the message will never come across through poorly developed vehicles like this . still , i believe in preserving mother earth , so save your $5 and please donate it instead to some worthy environmentally conscious charity .
[153]	neg	neg	yes	tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers , all searching for deeper meaning . however , they won't find much meaning in the real blonde , and not enough real humor , either . joe ( matthew modine ) is a struggling actor , or he claims to be one , even though he has no credits under his belt . his girlfriend , mary ( catherine keener ) has no pretensions about her career : she's a makeup artist , working for the eccentric fashion photographer blair ( marlo thomas ) and supermodel of the month , sahara ( bridgette wilson ) . sahara , who has acquired a new age spirituality from repeated viewing of the little mermaid , has an on-again , off-again relationship with joe's best friend , bob ( maxwell caulfield ) . however , bob has gotten his biggest break yet : a starring role on a soap opera opposite the beautiful kelly ( daryl hannah ) , who may be that illusive woman he's always pursued : a real blonde . there are some moments of good humor in the real blonde , but not enough . the best stuff is in throwaway details in the background , such as sahara's perfume ads : " depression - it's not just a state of mind " . but to find humor in the superficiality of models and actors is to shoot fish in a barrel . and , unfortunately , the film's forays outside the realm of comedy are pathetic . take for example the film's framing device of an old lady and her dog . the story serves absolutely no purpose , makes little sense , and is completely tangential to the main plotlines of the movie . matthew modine and catherine keener have the most sympathetic characters in the film , but they're stuck in the most boring plotlines . modine whines and complains and would be completely pathetic if he was matched against someone stronger than elizabeth berkley , who appears as another struggling actor . keener's character has a stronger edge , but the insult self-defense class ( taught by denis leary , no less ) she is stuck in makes little sense . the movie's running time is under two hours , but it seems like it is well over it . there's just not enough humor to speed things along , and not enough meaning to propel any drama .
[154]	neg	neg	yes	robin is enthusiastic , perky and horny as hell , while pudgy alicia silverstone is hard to accept as an athlete in her debut as batgirl . in a movie filled to the brim with major characters , the decision to add the entirely unnecessary batgirl and elle macpherson as bruce wayne's girlfriend is puzzling . i suspect the producers inserted the women in an attempt to convince audiences that two guys who run around in rubber suits with built-in nipples , shapely buttocks and huge codpieces are actually straight . of course , the real stars of a batman film are the villains and that's where " batman and robin " really suffers . as mr . freeze , arnold schwarzenegger gives his worst performance in years , spitting out a stream of lame catch phrases in wooden fashion . laboring under a ton of appliances , schwarzenegger looks as if he's having trouble even moving in his suit , let alone trying to act . uma thurman fares somewhat better as poison ivy . she overacts terribly in the early establishing scenes of her character ( it's apparently a rule in the batman series that before a person becomes a villain , s/he must be a cartoonish , bumbling nerd ) . once thurman transforms into the eco-psychotic poison ivy , she does a nice mae west impersonation as a classic vamp who can seduce men with her breath and kill them with a kiss . thurman fails to maintain the character's maniacal sense of style though , and ends up merely sputtering her way through the latter scenes of the film . the biggest lesson to be learned from " batman and robin " is that more is not better . joel schumacher fills the screen with eye candy ; but the technicolor overkill merely emphasizes what a trifle the film really is . some critics suggest that the batman series has run out of steam . i don't think so . my prescription ? fire joel schumacher ( but offer him a ticket to a rubber fetishist's convention so he'll understand that there's no hard feelings ) . give alicia silverstone her walking papers , while keeping clooney , o'donnell and michael gough . call jack nicholson and michelle pfieffer and beg them to reprise their roles as the joker and catwoman . then , ditch the campiness and , for the love of pete , lose the " event " mentality and make a movie instead of a spectacle next time .
[155]	neg	neg	yes	of course we can hear the animals talk to each other , and they actually went to the trouble of attempting to sync the voices with their mouths but it comes out terrible . actually , it's almost funny in a way . the only remotely interesting and likable character soon appears , a little girl named jinnie sue macallister ( young ) who sees gordy on the back of a truck and essentially steals him . jinnie is a country singer and the film goes off on a huge tangent to show her little concert and the people dancing to it . what is the point of this ? maybe she is one of the producer's relatives and they wanted to show her on camera to promote her or something . we then cut to a huge social gathering and drop in on another young kid named hank royce ( roescher ) who is sad because his divorced mother is dating . he leaves the party and meets jinnie sue , but he accidentally falls in a pool ( probably because he was sitting on the diving board with a $200 suit on - nah , didn't see that one coming ! ) , starts to drown , and is miraculously saved as gordy pushes an inflatable float over to him and saves him . if this had not been insanely stupid already the story quickly changes when jinnie gives gordy to hank who then ends up becoming the ceo of a food processing corporation when hank's grandfather , the original ceo , dies and leaves his fortune to hank . . . and gordy ! of course there must be a villain , but even this villain ( donadio as sipes ) isn't that evil . he never raises his voice or becomes angry , and of course he has the typical idiot goons kidnap gordy but this is just so beyond stupid and cartoony we are constantly two steps ahead of the story . it's hard to tell whether the overall corniness and cheesiness to the movie is intentional because it is a family film , or if the filmmaker's are just this untalented and stupid . at times " gordy " is tolerable to watch , thus earning it one star and not the dreaded " z- . " but it's just so unbelievably boring , cliche , dumb , unfunny , corny , and just plain bad it may scare children , it certainly disturbed me . ( 4/21/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [see also : " babe " ]
[156]	neg	neg	yes	that one joke is initially amusing . when wayans's darryl witherspoon , an economics major at stratford university , hits some dire financial straits , he becomes a guinea pig for a experimental drug that heightens all five senses . after some initial side effects and problems controlling his superhuman senses , darryl learns to enjoy the benefits of his abilities and uses them to land a position at a highly esteemed corporate firm . at this point , the film sounds more like senseful than senseless , but through some turns of the plot , darryl finds himself only able to use four of his five senses at once , essentially leaving him--yes--senseless . this sets up some showcase moments for wayans's gift for physical comedy , especially when darryl loses his sense of feeling and his body goes completely , hilariously limp . but these gags , and the gag behind the entire movie , quickly grows stale . once darryl is shown without the use of all of the senses , instead of exploring any new comic territory , director penelope spheeris and screenwriters greg erb and craig mazin take the easy way out and simply recycle each form of senselessness . wayans approaches each go-round with gusto , but by this point he's simply treading water for the rest of the film's unfunny duration . senseless would not be as problematic as it is if it didn't strive to be anything more than a comic trifle . however , the raucous and often raunchy comedy is wrapped in a blanket of bogus sincerity . darryl goes through the experiment in order to help his cash-strapped family , and this " serious " angle seems to come from an entirely different movie . unlike wayans's last starring vehicle , the surprisingly effective ( and serious ) the 6th man , the " emotional " content of senseless is forced and unconvincing . any attempt at anything more substantial than broad comedy fizzles--darryl's romance with janice ( tamara taylor ) , a young woman who yearns for a man who is true to himself , does not generate sparks of any kind . once his wb television sitcom the wayans bros . comes to an end , the genuinely funny marlon wayans has a promising big-screen future ahead of him . but if he continues to associate himself with projects as flat as senseless , his film career could go the way of his once-promising older brother , damon , who is now set to make his comeback--on television .
[157]	neg	neg	yes	who is so self-absorbed that he's threatened by his department store floor-walking model wife , kate ( bouquet ) , who wants to be a writer . she meets his crass publisher , vanni corso ( walken ) , another self-absorbed man , and a predictable relationship occurs . the fireworks occur because she outgrows her husband's first impressions of her as someone who was impressed with his genius and worships at his feet . she now wants her own identity and her independence . the film looked like the usual sitcom stuff , and is plagued with the cheap set design features reserved for a tv movie . the film sagged in the middle of the story from the weight of its tedium , and eventually landed on its rear end with its unspectacular climax . it's set in london , and it opens as model kate rebuffs sexual advances by a wealthy american shopper , vanni . she later meets him as her hubby's new upstart publisher who seeks to have her intellectual author husband in his stable in order to give him credibility as a publisher of quality , and he quickly wins favor with her by publishing her vanity novel . alec who is an obnoxious grouse , someone whom it seems it would be impossible to live with , tries to do everything to stop his wife from having her book published--which only pushes her into the grasping arms of vanni . the publisher is proud that he's a mamma's boy who never married and is a self-made man who has earned millions . he has recently acquired a failing old london publishing house and plans to revitalize it , as he proudly tells kate : " if my father could sell pizzas in harlem , i could sell culture in europe . " the only thing that couldn't be sold , is this stiff story and tired plot line . the mystery to me , is how the lovely kate could like either man unless she was an insensitive dummy . she soon divorces the beleaguered alec and marries the soon-to-become-beleaguered vanni . when she writes a second novel , he rebuffs her the same way her first hubby did . it ends with the same results that happened to hubby number one , as its story of ambition and lust winds down in a whimper . a business affair was loosely based on the real-life literary and romantic travails of married authors barbara skelton and cyril connolly , in their celebrated 1950s love triangle .
[158]	neg	neg	yes	. . . scary ! secondly , a cheesy soundtrack tries to connote a tone of mystery , but only succeeds in drowning our ears with an abrasive musical score . third , the main character is a mercenary that delivers goods without asking about the contents of his cargo ( treat williams ) . he operates a sophisticated military-style pt boat and every word that comes out of his mouth is awash in comical flippancy . finally , in the cargo hold , we see those that hired him . they are also mercenaries that have tough-looking haircuts , talk with accents , and try to show how macho they are . during their trip across the stormy sea , their boat suffers an incident and requires repairs . spotting a cruise ship in the distance , they make their way to the ocean liner and devise a plan to raid the machine shop , take the parts that they need , and then continue on their merry way . little do they know that this cruise ship has become infested by some kind of ocean monster . yet , they board the ship armed to the hilt with grenades and machine guns that can kill dozens in a matter of seconds . this is nothing more than a by-the-book action film . their realization of the situation that they're in doesn't happen until they are in the bowels of the boat . those who are dumb enough to stray off on their own will ultimately get killed . the corridors on the ship are narrow , misty , and provide the kind of atmosphere that all scare-fests must have . yet , despite the predictable nature of this film , there are some scary " boo " moments . but most of it is just outright silly . and this film is unusually gory too . monsters basically suck off the flesh and spit out skeletal remains . there is one particularly neat scene where a monster has been cut apart and reveals a victim that is still alive . he screams horribly as the monster's digestive juices continue to slowly eat him away . additionally , it borrows heavily from speed2 , alien and a bunch of other recent films . the mercenaries even run into a lone , surviving passenger ( femke jannsen ) who looks amazingly like sandra bullock . to be honest , when i left the theatre , i just had to laugh at how witless the film was . it's moronic fun at best . so , if you're hankering for a large bucket of popcorn served with a side of silliness , then this might just hit the spot .
[159]	neg	neg	yes	synopsis : when a meteorite crashlands in the arizona desert , community college professors ira kane ( duchovny ) and harry block ( jones ) are first on the scene . they discover that an alien lifeform has arisen from the rock and is evolving at an amazing rate . soon the army , advised by dr allison reed ( moore ) , moves in and forces kane and block out . but when the aliens begin to menace society , it may take the scientists' combined efforts to stop them before they terminate the evolution of another lifeform : humanity . review : " evolution " certainly has the ingredients for a decent comedy . it's directed by reitman , clearly trying to parlay his " ghostbusters " success into a twenty-first-century counterpart . it stars duchovny , and although one might question his judgment in lampooning his " x-files " character so soon after leaving the tv series , it should certainly provide him with plenty of ammunition . and then there's moore , who may not have much prior experience in comedy , but who has certainly proven her ability as an actress . a shame , then , that it all deteriorates into such a hopelessly unfunny morass . " evolution " is a movie more concerned with its special effects ( which are quite good ) than anything resembling a consistently funny script . it has its moments ( a scene in which jones' body is invaded by an alien is particularly entertaining ) , but there are embarrassingly long stretches that are utterly devoid of humour . moore is totally wasted , her clumsy shtick getting very old , very fast . duchovny has stunningly little in the way of material to work with . and the story is so formulaic , it could have been written by monkeys . part of what made " ghostbusters " so wonderful was a combination of a great script and characters the audience could root for . " evolution " is so mind-numbingly tedious that it's difficult not to start cheering for the aliens .
[160]	neg	neg	yes	deceiver is a plot twist in search of a movie . this overly constructed film succeeds in having many surprises , and , being true to its title , being deceptive . but there is little in the film that is worthy of deceit . braxton ( chris penn ) and kennesaw ( michael rooker ) are two cops investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute ( renee zellweger ) . their lone suspect is wayland ( tim roth ) , a wealthy young man whose phone number was found in the hooker's pocket . however , a routine lie detector test turns against the investigators , as the crafty wayland somehow turns the tables . braxton and kennesaw are forced to confront their own troubled lives . braxton is a gambling addict in deep to mook ( ellen burstyn ) , a local bookie . kennesaw is bitter about his marriage to a socialite ( rosanna arquette ) , believing his wife to be unfaithful . the plot is twisty and complex , with lots of lengthy flashbacks , and plenty of surprises . however , there are times when it is needlessly complex , and at least one instance the storytelling turns so muddled that the answers to important plot points actually get lost . take a look at l . a . confidential , or the film's more likely inspiration , the usual suspects for how a complex plot can properly be handled . the dialogue in deceiver is as overcrafted as the plot . for example , the film tells a few substories ( such as the tale of a woeful absinthe bender , or an alternative telling of how van gogh lost his ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabricated and unbelievable . there's never the sense that these are real characters engaging in conversation . they appear to be nothing more than words on a screenplay . the characters , themselves , are rather pathetic and despicable . not one of them is an ounce sympathetic , and as a result , the labyrinthine plot is all for naught . what does it matter who is guilty of what and why ? writer-directors josh and jonas pate seem to desire to emulate the coen brothers' masterwork blood simple , or the wachowski brothers' less worthy bound . but , while they have got the plot twists down cold , they need to work on characterization and dialogue .
[161]	neg	neg	yes	. one shaman , determined to stop ravens from unearthing opal , sends a mystical message to tarzan for help . with lady jane following close behind , he returns to the jungle where he was born . its patently obvious that casper van dien ( one of the pretty-boy heroes of starship troopers ) was not hired on the basis of his acting ability . with his plastic facial expressions , monotone voice , and complete inability to make convincing animal noises , his range rivals that of steven seagal . his pecs , however , are impressive , and director carl schenkel makes sure that he is given every opportunity to show them off . jane march , on the other hand , has to keep her shirt on , which may be a first for her . some six years ago , march give a solid performance in jean jacques annaud's steamy the lover . since then , she made the career-killing decision of appearing opposite bruce willis in the color of night , which exploited her every acting defiency . tarzan continues this trend . march may be attractive , but , at least judging by this performance , she can't act . meanwhile , steven waddington has serious trouble summoning up the menace necessary to be a really detestable bad guy . instead , he turns out to be little more than a nuisance . the story line is pure formula , which has largely been true throughout the years for almost all of the tarzan movies . the problem is that this one seems so childish and lifeless . the romantic elements are all contrived ? in fact , lady jane's presence is necessary only so she can be captured and subsequently rescued by her buff fiance . the special effects are truly bottom-of-the-barrel ( including some laughably bad men in ape costumes ? apparently , animatronics were too expensive for this production ) . and , of course , as with all jungle movies , there are the obligatory cute animals . over the years , the legend of tarzan has been one of the most popular sources for film series material . the most famous ape man was johnny weismuller , but no less than two dozen other actors have essayed the part ( including gordon scott , who is widely believed to be the best actor to tackle the role ) . weismuller made 12 tarzan features ; van dien will probably fall 11 short of that number . and , having seen tarzan and the lost city , i would argue that the movie-going public would have been well served if he had missed by 12 .
[162]	neg	neg	yes	" desperate measures " makes is in its underdevelopment of matt's illness . what's needed are more details as to exactly why mccabe is the only bone marrow match that works ; there would seem to be other possible contenders somewhere in the country , and thus many of the ways that connor endangers the lives of himself and those around him by attempting to keep mccabe alive are just a little too hard to swallow . take , for example , a scene where mccabe is trying to make a getaway by climbing over an elevated passage tunnel connecting two sections of the hospital . the police have their spotlight and guns aimed right on him , and what does connor do ? he shoots the spotlight out so that mccabe can continue his flight . connor knows very well what dangerous deeds this guy is capable of , and yet never seems to think that mccabe will eventually get to and try to harm his son . whatever . to be fair , though , the lack of story background is the least of the movie's problems . first and foremost is how cheaply " desperate measures " trades the potential of it's opening scenes for the routine action ballistics of its final hour . once mccabe escapes , the film becomes the fugitive in reverse and with no thrills . there are countless scenes where the good guys catch up to keaton only to have him grab a hostage and get away . also , the movie is so intent on giving you a hoot-inducing , lip-smacking villain ( the ads have compared peter mccabe to hannibal lechter , natch ) that it completely casts garcia's frank connor by the dullsville wayside ; " desperate measures " appears to like its antagonist so much more than its protagonist , and the movie's head-scratcher of a send-off confirms this . there is some good to be found amongst this mess , particularly in the acting department . cast against type , michael keaton's understated menace is highly effective . although he's not given much believable to work with , andy garcia plays off a taut emotional chord . joseph cross , as garicia's ailing son , is surprisingly unsentimental , and marcia gay harden lends solid support as a doctor who becomes a major player in the unfolding chaos . this cast does its best to camouflage the sorry plot as it chugs towards an inevitably happy ending , but most is lost . it goes without saying that " desperate measures " needs an operation of its very own .
[163]	neg	neg	yes	lively of the actors . everyone else comes across as half-asleep . the re-make is successful in that respect . it feels like a bad disney movie from the sixties . i remember the original as being charming , but my guess is that the memory from almost four decades ago has been artificially enhanced by the years . there have been some updates . fred macmurray's flying model t has been replaced by a t-bird . his faithful dog charlie is now " weebo " , the hovering robot . the biggest change is that , with sophisticated computer animation , we now can have films show off special effects without being at all entertaining . flubber is anthropomorphized into a being supposedly with personality . the gloop has little arms and legs and splits into tiny little gloopettes for a big dance number . this has nothing to do with the story . the only possible reason is to create merchandising opportunities so that kids can badger their parents into taking them to mcdonalds for the toys . not that contributing little to the plot is a big problem . there are very few aspects of the film that move the story and those that do don't make sense . the discovery of flubber is going to save the college because brainard can sell his flying car to ford . anyone with half a brain would be able to see that his intelligent flying automaton is worth billions . it's unbelievable that his lover ( well , probably not a lover -- after all this is disney ) starts dating croft after the aborted wedding . there's not one appealing component of this man . after the professor discovers that smearing a golf ball with the gunk causes it to bounce uncontrollably around his lab wreaking havoc , i cringed as he picked up a bowling ball . this guy is beyond forgetful , venturing into the certifiable . co-writer john hughes used to direct light-weight but thoughtful teen films . the care behind " pretty in pink " and " the breakfast club " all went out the window after his " home alone " franchise heated up the box offices . looking much like " home alone 3 1/2 " , " flubber " even features a couple of vapid goons who get banged around and a cute little boy who screams a lot . in some ways , it's difficult to judge this film . i have a suspicion that i'm not it's target audience . after all , i measure my age in two digits .
[164]	neg	neg	yes	turns out the truth is more horrifying than any legend . there are some sight gags that pop up as well , such as mona's tombstone , which reads " demoted " , instead of devoted . still , the core of the story maintains the flatness of a still pond . the lynchpin of the film falls on the redundant and sporadic scenes involving mona ( midler ) . each scene with her is the same : scream at someone , hit someone , then scream some more . there's no uniqueness or modulation to her or explanation for her meanness . anyone off the street could have played the role , such as it is . the other characters are walking cardboard cutouts . each one is defined by one trait and no further attempt is made at deeper characterization . there is a burly , female car mechanic , so of course , there is a forced lesbianism gag . mona's son , jeff ( marcus thomas ) is a simpleton , hence you can predict his dialogue before it even plods its way from his mouth . chief of police rash ( devito ) likes broadway musicals and loves his daughter . there's nothing more to him . elle , the chief's daughter ( campbell ) , is bland personified , a dutiful girl with no higher aspiration than to have a child and be married . mona's husband phil ( fichtner ) jeckle and hydes from shirking coward to reptilian letch . bob ( affleck ) , elle's betrothed , and business partner to jeff , is a mumbling , obvious dullard . there is no contrast to any of the characters . by having at least one character with some wit , or wits , to serve as counterpoint to the others , perhaps steinfeld's attempt at satirizing a small town infested with ambitionless people might have come off better . ostensibly a murder mystery , drowning mona gives you almost all the clues immediately , then lets you sit back and feel superior as you watch the cast of paper people fumble their way to finding the killer , who could be anyone due to mona's loving manner with everyone on town . even that aspect of the film fails , throwing in a convenient , ridiculous and unsatisfying wrap to things . it's been a while since i walked away from a movie theater in an angry mood . what makes it all the more remarkable is that i rarely remember a comedy making me so angry for wasting my time at it's ineptitude .
[165]	neg	neg	yes	what are we going to do with jim carrey ? viewers of television's " in living color " know this one-man cartoon from such characters as fire marshall bill . viewers also know that " in living color " is a skit-show and that a little of jim carrey goes a long way . unfortunately , this fact was forgotten by the makers of the carrey comedy ace ventura : pet detective . three writers , including carrey , worked on the slapstick story , which sends a self-styled " pet detective " on the trail of a stolen dolphin . the missing mammal belongs to the miami dolphins , who need their mascot for the upcoming superbowl . for plot porpoises , this story works as well as any three stooges short . carrey gets to do his " official " schtick as he snoops around greater miami . he leers and sneers , craning his neck to funny effect . he even does his captain kirk impersonation . again . all of this is pretty harmless stuff up until the point that you realize that the writers have absolutely no intention of focusing on anyone * other * than carrey . ( suggested alternate title--jim carrey : will do anything for a laugh . ) export it to france and you may have a hit . as it stands , ace ventura isn't even good kid's stuff . the profanity count , alone , is too high . which is ironic , since children are , probably , carrey's best audience . the film doesn't even have the goofball charm of chris elliott's recent no-brainer cabin boy . sure , carrey has his moments . but what can you say about a film whose high-points include watching carrey slink around to the theme from " mission impossible ? " ace ventura has one glaring incongruity . amid the butt-jokes and double-takes , the script takes great pains to set-up an elaborate and rather funny " crying game " gag . and , for * this * intended audience , that takes ( ahem ) cojones .
[166]	neg	neg	yes	a babe - thank goodness there was something for me to think about during this film . hurt , the black hole of excitement , sucks up any energy that might have been left . if hurt were available in tablet form , he would be a prescription strength sleeping pill . johnson isn't dull , he's just lame as the young know it all who winds up saving everybody's ass all the time . want an example of how cool this kid can be ? how about when he convinces the robot to think with its heart and reconsider killing the family ? hey , don't laugh - the thing actually listened to the mr . rogers-would-be-proud sentiment . but alas , if you thought a character couldn't be much worse , there was rogers as the epitome of generic ( or , mother as she was known ) . why hire an actress ? they could've had a white cardboard cutout with the word mom printed on it . now that would've had some pizzazz ! lost in space luckily doesn't suffer in every single category that it could have . the special effects are crisp , clear , and at least mildly captivating , unlike any of the presences onscreen save it be oldman , who plays his evil character with a great deal of fun and finesse . unfortunately , oldman is locked away for most of the film , giving us nothing but ample mocking opportunities to enjoy . while the special effects are pleasing to the eye , they are nothing you couldn't find in most modern sci-fi films . contact , for example , far exceeds this film in terms of imagery and imagination . lost in space just has too many shortcomings to ever be considered a work of cinematic art , with numerous contradictions ( the time travel aspect was horribly flawed ! ) , wooden and corny acting , worse dialogue , and an ending so disappointing , you'd be happier to have seen the entire robinson family get blown to smithereens . then again , with an ending like this film has , it's obvious a sequel is already being considered . what an awful note to end on , knowing there could be more of this in a year or two . the attempt to be family oriented is commendable , but lost in space is lost with the illusion that special effects and the nostalgia of a classic tv series being revisited is enough to satisfy all age groups . well , danger potential movie goers ! danger ! this movie crash lands without ever breaking thru the atmosphere of mediocrity .
[167]	neg	pos	no	just another entry in a tired series . the plot is even similar to that of " grumpy old men " in that lemmon and matthau's mismatched characters are brought together by a romance between their children . oscar's son ( jonathan silverman ) and felix's daughter ( lisa waltz ) are getting married , and former roommates felix ungar ( lemmon ) and oscar madison ( matthau ) meet at the airport and decide to share a car . . . then hilarity ensues . well , a few chuckles ensue anyway . neil simon , the award-winning playwright who created oscar and felix , provides the screenplay , which is a shock , because the script is a piece of talentless hackwork from beginning to end . unlike the original play/movie , " odd couple ii " doesn't find its humor in the personality conflict of its characters . instead , it depends upon a series of humorous situations : oscar and felix lose the car over a cliff , are caught smuggling mexicans over the border , take up with two women on the run from their violent husbands ( the women are played by christine baranski of " cybill " and jean smart of " designing women " ) , and hitch a ride with a man who dies in the desert . the original 1968 movie " the odd couple " remains a classic comedy . it introduced the motif of roommate-as-spouse that has provided gags for movies and sitcoms ever since . it was the second outing for the lemmon/matthau team ( which debuted in 1966's " the fortune cookie " ) , and they made a couple more worthwhile comedies , " the front page " ( 1974 ) and " buddy buddy " ( 1981 ) , before going their separate ways . the reunion of lemmon and matthau in " grumpy old men " six years ago was delightful , and its sequel seemed appropriate because it tied up some loose ends from the first movie . but " out to sea " and " the odd couple ii " are just beating a grumpy old horse . ( you can add lemmon's " my fellow americans , " i . e . " grumpy old presidents , " to that list , too . ) let's hope that hollywood offers these two actors something fresh to do . let's hope also that we see neil simon's name on movies that do it justice ( this is his first since 1993's " lost in yonkers " ) .
[168]	neg	neg	yes	to sit through . bette midler and dennis farina play lilly and dan , actress and author , once married , now violently divorced , and back together one last time for their daughter molly's ( paula marshall ) wedding . lilly and dan hate each other passionately -- so passionately that they have sex at the wedding and fall in love again . each ditches his or her current spouse of 14 years and runs off with the other . molly , married now only 24 hours , runs off in search of her irresponsible parents while her husband keith ( jamie denton ) tries to console the abandoned spouses . in molly's search for her parents , she somehow falls in love with lilly's paparazzo joey ( danny nucci ) . meanwhile , the newlywed keith ends up consoling dan's wife rowena ( gail o'grady ) in bed . the audience i saw this with apparently thought that all the adultery was hilarious . i'm no dan quayle , but i thought it was a bit creepy . the message seemed to be " ignore your responsibilities unrepentantly and have fun fucking who you wish . " " family values " aside , there's something cruel about all this . perhaps this movie would have played well as a black comedy , but the movie is a romantic comedy . we are supposed to be rooting for these creeps . reiner and screenwriter leslie dixon tried to make it easier on us by making the victims unlikeable . lilly's husband is a new-age flake who rambles about " emotional valet parking , " so we can write him off as irrelevant . dan's wife is vain , manipulative , and jealous so we can write her off as a bitch . molly's husband is a career-conscious , self-centered republican politician who thinks she's too fat ( and just for good measure , he also fucked dan's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick . everyone else falls in love . but still , that somehow doesn't justify the actions of the movie's main characters . " he's a prick " or " she's a bitch " is no defense . the movie is somewhat redeemed by some funny dialog -- often during heated arguments -- and by above-average performances by midler and farina ( breaking out of his character-actor mold ) . other than that , it's a standard romantic comedy with a very substandard gimmick .
[169]	neg	neg	yes	. obviously successful films need both skills . brian de palma is a masterful technician . he's spent his career copying others , most notably hitchcock . he usually knows exactly what to do to make a scene work , but only because he has learned it by rote . aside from rare flashes of originality , his films are often soul-dead . in de palma's latest , he turns his attention to stanley kubrick . to tell the truth , i enjoyed portions of this movie , but i liked it a lot better over 30 years ago when it was called " 2001 " . i enjoyed it even more when it was titled " close encounters " . nasa has set its sights for mars . when the first crew meets with disaster , a rescue mission is sent to the red planet . they don't do so well either , but eventually meet up the lone surviving astronaut-gone-rasta and solve the mysteries of the universe . and it's all so boring . there are so many scenes that just don't work , it's difficult to begin . when the first crew is a few feet away from a raging massive upside-down martian tornado ( which looks remarkably like a sandworm from " dune " ) destroying everything in its path , they just hang out watching . error . the most interesting character ( and that's not saying much ) is killed off . error . the alien is laughable . error . the rest of the characters are the dullest people imaginable . error . there's some nice eyecandy . the face on mars , which turns out to be a giant metal thai buddha head , looks cool . a three-dimensional holographic planetarium is more fun to watch than anything at disney world . maneuvering in space suits outside the ship seems realistic . but there's so much more that feels as if we've been there before . from " 2001 " , there's the rotating space station , the blinding white room . >from " close encounters " , they solve a sound puzzle and play it to the aliens . the list goes on . the actors are mostly mobile wooden statues . even gary sinise and tim robbins can't muster enough emotion to convince us they are breathing . no one seems to care about anything that happens . you won't either . the absolutely worst sin is the blatant product placement as dr . pepper , with a 20 foot tall logo , saves the day . they should save the commercials for those insipid bits before the film .
[170]	neg	neg	yes	. there is also a strange character called the cowboy ( monty montgomery ) adding to the confusion . in what was probably intended for the television pilot the film opens with a great vibrancy showing dancing 60s style under the credits . a lot of mulholland drive starts out fun . lynch wants you to know he could make an enjoyable stylish film . he just chooses not to . as with any david lynch film there is strange material added for little reason . there are no earthworms , but there are some decidedly strange david lynch touches . the film is a little long for the subject matter . toward the end it gets into some heavier violence and sex scenes , clearly not intended for the tv pilot . unfortunately some of the most important comments to make about this film would be spoilers . i will not mention them in the main body of the review but i give mulholland drive a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . mulholland drive spoiler warning . i have rated this film fairly low . you should read this only after seeing the film or deciding that you will not see the film . david lynch is in large part a dark satirist . most of his work is done in familiar genres but in some way shows their underside . in mulholland drive i think he is having a laugh at the expense of the crime film genre . what he does with this film is ( are you sure you want to read this ? ) playing off the audience expectations that there will be a simple explanation for what is going on . the first 80% of the film he tells a simple multi-thread crime story with clues sprinkled throughout . then suddenly at the end he turns the story on its ear with a large number of clues that appear that they should add up to something . the audience expectation is that they will add up . but he has given clues that are self-contradictory . lynch wants the audience to argue about what they have seen afterward and come up with theories . in fact , the pointers are noticeably contradictory and until i hear a better explanation , i think lynch is merely playing a joke . there is a visual curiosity that was popular in the sixties . mad magazine called it a poiuyt . other sources called it a tri- pronged u-bar . look at small portions of it and makes sense . look at the whole figure and it does not . this film is , in my estimation , the cinematic equivalent of a tri-pronged u-bar .
[171]	neg	neg	yes	ingredients : possessed plastic dolls in love , plastic dolls having sex starring : jennifer tilly , voice of brad dourif , katherine heigl , nick stabile , john ritter synopsis : this is the fourth film in the chucky series , which debuted in the late 1980s . basically , chucky is a plastic doll that can walk and talk because it is possessed by the spirit of a slain murderer . in bride of chucky , chucky's longtime girlfriend tiffany ( jennifer tilly ) dies and her spirit inhabits a female plastic doll through voodoo . dolls tiffany and chucky get married and embark on a quest to reach a cemetery in new jersey , where a mystical gem might enable them to be humans . the dolls stow away in the back of a vehicle driven by a newly eloped couple , so in the side plot , the couple suspects each other of being a murderer . opinion : bride of chucky is an attempt at horror with humor , but doesn't succeed . somehow , chucky moaning about mid life crisis , and how he should have gotten married does not make for a very scary chucky . and tiffany harping about mid life crisis , and how she should have gotten married does not make for a very scary tiffany . the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half . the best that can be said about bride of chucky is that it is sarcastic .
[172]	neg	neg	yes	film would have been more interesting if the central character was will robinson and not his father john robinson . then it could be an adventure movie . they're mostly right , except that johnson ( will ) wasn't a good enough actor to carry it off . still , that the film has the robinson patriarch as our hero shows a lack of imagination . just because a movie is tame enough for kids doesn't mean that we have to bow to a " promise keepers " notion of who's the center of a family . many quality family films have been made with a non-traditional family structure ( fly away home comes to mind ) to much better effect . and the politics of the time seem a bit conservative and regressive for a futuristic movie . in star wars , the rebels were the good guys . we were rooting for those who were fighting against the system . in lost in space , the rebels are the bad guys , a terrorist force that must be killed , crushed and silenced so that our children may live free . that ominous excuse for violence almost makes me sympathize with the terrorists . finally , a few specific details deserve criticism . the movie tells us that the setting is the year 2056 . why ? why bother saying what year this is . just tell us it's the future . i bring it up because the tv series was supposed to take place in 1997 . setting a specific date only dates the movie and guarantees that it won't be timeless ( not that this movie was really in the running anyway . ) . then there is a scene that shows john robinson checking one of his controls on a chair that rises about fifteen feet on a pole . this silly waste of money reminded me of bugs bunny's barber chair , and only shows that the future is a time when spaceship designers haven't learned a thing about ergonomics . one vaguely redeeming quality is that the end credits succeed where the rest of the film failed : it made lost in space look cool . the strong techno beat sampled the cheesiest dialogue and , out of context , made it sound hip . this is overlaid on a cool jumpy credit sequence with interesting distorted clips from the movie . but if that's the best part of the movie , i can't in good conscience recommend it . still , if you get stuck seeing it , as we did , you might be able to appreciate it if you keep your distance , think of liking bad movies as a child , and bring along your " bad movie bingo " cards .
[173]	neg	neg	yes	i was going to see ram shrasta on the big screen last night , but before that i stopped into my video store to rent some movies . luckily , my video guy was in the middle or recording ram shrasta ! i knew it was going to be a bad print with only half-faces and poor sound quality , but i couldn't help myself . . . i got it . well , after watching it ( it indeed was a bad print ) i was glad i didn't dish out $7 to waste three hours of my time sitting in a bad theatre watching a bad movie . this movie really sucks . it had so many inconsistencies it was driving me crazy ! ! for example , how can jackie shroff grow two feet of hair in just three or four days ? jackie shroff looked really stupid with his steven seagal ponytail . the songs are bad , the acting is bad ( especially deepti bhatnagar's ) , and the direction is the worst of all . the comedy scenes with jagdish and johnny lever just made me want to throw up . i didn't even finish the movie . . . i couldn't take it anymore . note : but if anyone out there liked aatish ( by the same director ) , i guess you'd like this movie . it's practically the same except that sanjay dutt is replaced with jackie shroff . aditya panscholi is the sidekick again . ( i was going to give it a zero , but i personally like jackie shroff , so i loosened up a little . he looked fresh , wore good clothes ( as always ) , and his performance , even though it wasn't his best , was the only saving grace of the movie )
[174]	neg	neg	yes	are attempting to destroy earth . the film shows large rallies with young children in attendance , pledging allegiance to the federation ( again , sound familiar ? ) . as the movie progresses , we are shown terror tactic training , as a drill sargeant very graphically compound fractures one recruits arm , and throws a knife through another's hand . eventually , the recruits embark on a journey to a location two thirds of the way across the milky way galaxy , to fight the bugs on their home planet . as our faster than light travelling " heroes " arrive on planet , they drop onto the planet , and burst our of their craft brandishing . . . " what ? " you say , " laser beam weapons ? sonic weapons ? phasers ? photon cannons ? " . nope , they hop out brandishing good old 1997 machine guns , pump action rifles , and tactical nuclear weapons ! i guess a lot of physics money r&d went into travel and not weaponry . as the assault begins , our group of troopers are seen walking in a straight line through a box canyon . two members of the group notice rocks slipping and falling above them , and one even sees a streak fly by , but disregards it as nothing . this of course , leads to more massive carnage , blood shed , and graphic depictions of limbs and heads being ripped and severed from their bodies . again , i see that military tactics in the future must have evolved at about the same pace as their weapons ! in the end , we see neil patrick " doogie howser " harris burst onto the scene in what could accurately be described as a nazi ss trenchcoat , hat , and gloves . he does a vulcan mind meld on the giant slug , and then proclaims that the bugs are scared ! this sets the troopers into a frenzy , as they are now one step closer to completing their goal , total genocide of a species ( again , sound familiar ? ? ) . i have tried very hard not to step on and spoil the plot with this review , but given it's non-existence , i may have anyway . i could go on for pages ripping this movie apart , but don't want to bore you too badly . in short , i felt as if i were subjected to a mix between a pro-nazi war film with bugs substituted for allies , a drivers education accident scene film , and a complete blank screen ( the plot , of course ) . i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone , anywhere , under any circumstance . copyright ( c ) 1997 tim jandt " >
[175]	neg	neg	yes	out about ten feet from his body . you know what a goof field is : that invisible zone in which anyone who has intent to do harm to you becomes a klutz no matter what their real dexterity is . this is , of course , only the beginning of the movie's problems . lambert eventually finds pseudo-safety with a long-haired modern-day samurai ( yoshio harada ) and his partner -- yoko shimada , who you may remember as lady toda buntaro in shogun . they are the two best things in the movie ; in every scene they have authority and presence , and they actually look like they belong here , even when dressed in full samurai armor and wielding bows . the script doesn't know what the hell to do with them . lone , as the bad guy , is zero-dimensional . the only bad-guy cliche he has to wallow around in is the one about how the bad guy always has exotic women dripping off of him . in the hunted , this is elevated to the level of an insulting stereotype . what's funny is that the peripheral characters in the hunted are not sterotypes -- there's a nice little scene with a tokyo cabdriver , and a girl in a pachinko parlor -- but many of the main characters are unsalveageably hateful . also , the phenomenal instrumental troupe kodo has assembled a superior soundtrack -- get the cd -- that manages to survive despite the drek it's been designed to accompany . there is an extended battle scene in the middle of the movie that is almost reason enough to watch the whole thing -- a gory , excellently staged fight on the bullet train that shows some real imagination for a moment , and then smothers it by trying to clumsily re-couple the whole thing with the movie's relentlessly stupid plot . by the time we get to the final showdown , with lambert getting to wield his own sword ( which , judging from the ham-handed editing of one scene , was forged in seven hours or so ) , we no longer care . we're not even given any definitive information about whether or not one of the key characters lives or dies ! someone once said that the key to good art -- good movies , good books , whatever -- is to start somewhere interesting , end up somewhere interesting , and show respect for the audience all along the way . this movie bungles two out of three , badly .
[176]	neg	neg	yes	spewing more one-liners about minors and strippers . umm , moving right along . . . armageddon also has lots of action , with a capital " a " . not just any action sequence would do . it must have _original_ action sequences that are designed to thrill . like , drill , darn it , drill ! ! ! and , let's have inept people destroy the mir space station ! ! can't you hear your heart beating ! ? and steve buscemi goes crazy and starts shooting at people ! ! what drama ! ! lastly , armageddon is out there to save the planet , with a capital " p " . this can't be any old thriller--we must have an asteroid , the size of texas head straight for earth ! ! and , and , we must have beautiful scenic worldwide shots , like paris , blown up . and , and , we must have peoples of all colors , nations , and religions , join hand in hand for one final , hopeful , hug . the final sequence , where muslims in prostrate worship stand up--in domino fashion--to cheer the victory , filled me with such emotional goo that i wanted to , to , to rip the screen into shreds ! ! i mean , i mean , cheer for ecstatic joy ! ( it was over ) . comedy . " c " . romance . " r " . action . " a " . planet . " p " . okay , kids , what does that spell ? seriously , folks . any film that could take the indie-films' most valuable talents , and throw it all away with a bruce willis vehicle , a hundred-million dollar budget , but have cheap-o sets and lousy special effects , is , bottom line , living proof that hell exists , and has made a multi-picture deal with universal . in the midst of all the action , the terseness , the one-liners , the fake sets , the overall waste of time , i recognized matt malloy playing an underwritten nasa technician ( " malloy , give me a reading " ) . remember him ? he was a principal player in last year's _in the company of men_ , a film that was more powerful , shocking , terrifying , funny , and shocking than _armageddon_ could ever aspire to be . _armageddon_ cost over $100 million to make . _itcom_ cost a paltry $30 , 000 . need i say more ?
[177]	neg	pos	no	deserves recognition for : achieving the near-impossible task of making a grander monument to self-love than steven seagal's on deadly ground . capsule review : a question : after the floating baby ruth that was waterworld , what in the @$&% were the hollywood execs who gave kevin costner the money to make another post-apocalyptic movie thinking ? in this 3 hour advertisement for his new hair weave , costner plays a nameless drifter who dons a long dead postal employee's uniform and gradually turns a nuked-out usa into an idealized hippy-dippy society . ( judging by the costuming at the end of the movie , the main accomplishment of this brave new world is in re-inventing polyester . ) when he's not pointing the camera directly at himself , director costner does have a nice visual sense , and it is undeniably fascinating to see such an unabashedly jingoistic film in the trust-no-one 90's ; but by the time the second hour rolled around , i was reduced to sitting on my hands to keep from clawing out my own eyes . mark this one " return to sender " .
[178]	neg	neg	yes	looks just like alf except he's blue ) , marries a producer ( hurley ) so she can get a green card , and hooks up with a spanish mother ( liz torres ) , who shoots heroin with him in the afternoons . insert proverbial downward spiral here . permanent midnight is structured mostly as a flashback , with recovering addict bello meeting stiller ( at a fastfood restaurant , where stiller works the drive-thru as part of rehab ) , taking him back to a hotel , and between bouts of serious screwing , listening to his life story . i've spent the last week trying to figure out why stiller never seemed to find the frighteningly gorgeous hurley attractive-worse , i've been trying to figure out why hurley did find stiller attractive . as stahl , stiller displays none of the charm or wit one would expect ( post-there's something about mary ) of either the actor or a comedy writer . what separates stahl from the hundreds of other hollywood punk-junkies , it seems , is that stahl wrote a book about his idiocy . watch stahl shoot heroin next to a baby ! watch stahl spoil numerous pitch meetings with smack-fueled babble ! stiller gives a technically flawless performance : the film could double as a documentary on how to be a junkie . but permanent midnight is mostly soulless . when the movie poses the question will stahl be saved ? and then answers it in the form of bello's character ( basically a shrink in black panties ) , could a person care less ? in the film version of his autobiography of the same name , stahl doesn't need saving , he needs someone who will sit there and listen to him go on about himself . if you learn anything about the other characters in this movie , it's that they are the most incredibly tolerant hollywood-types known to man . ( stahl also seems to be the only person at schmooze parties doing drugs . is this hollywood . . . california ? ) i learned very little about the entertainment business from permanent midnight and a whole lot about an egotistical lunkhead . of course you know that stahl triumphed because he lived to talk about his problems . so , basically , his drug habit got him a book deal , a movie based on his life , and now he's apparently collaborating with stiller on future projects . so much for the moral of that story . temporary midnight is more like it . -bill chambers ; september , 1998
[179]	neg	neg	yes	instead , you become more interested in how the characters get killed off . the four young teenagers who are the potential sacrificial lambs for this movie are helen and barry and julie and ray - two couples and dear friends to one another . during the summer just after high school graduation , they take a fateful drive down a dark mountain highway . suddenly , without warning , their car hits someone whom the teens presume was killed as a result of that collision . fearing jail time and possible manslaughter charges if they confess , they instead decide to dump the body into the ocean and make a pact never to discuss the episode again . a year goes by and things among the four friends begin to change . relationships fizzle , future dreams crumble , and attitudes change . but , they can not forget what they did . and apparently , neither can someone else . someone begins to send letters to all four of the teens with the frightening message : " i know what you did last summer . " the letter-writer ( a figure in a rubber slicker wielding a large metal hook ) soon makes his presence known and begins to hunt down the four teens . it's now up to the four of them to try to figure out who the killer is before it's too late . while this movie has some nice visually eerie effects , too much of it's impact had to be generated with extreme close-ups , while the level of suspense was choppy at best . there is so much more that this movie could have been , but decided to give us nothing but cheap thrills . it could have been a clever whodunit , but discovering who ultimately was the killer made me just shrug my shoulders . it could have explored the changed friendships after a year of adulthood , but seemed to only include that aspect to add 15 more minutes to the film . it could have given us smarter characters who knew that anytime you're alone and you see shadowy figures moving about , you don't walk towards them yelling " hello " . once you yell " hello " , you can expect an extreme close-up , a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse . it's difficult to be in suspense when you know what's about to happen . the only redeeming aspect of the movie is that i now have a neat idea for a halloween costume , but i'm not sure if the local costume store sells rubber slickers and hooks . the horror that i experienced from this film is realizing that i actually went to see it .
[180]	neg	neg	yes	is called in to investigate the allegedly accidental death of . . . wait . to give away too much of the plot would all but ruin a film that has very little going for it outside of its numbing plot twists and multiple triple-crosses . it's best described this way : sultry sexpot/real estate agent sandra dunmore ( patricia arquette ) is married to jake , a " creative yet unfocused " ( and alcoholic ) advertising rep , played by dermot mulroney . sandra likes to act out her deep-seated sexual fantasies and jake's brother ben ( the suave-as-ever don johnson ) likes to help . ben is also coming on to his petite , mousy co-worker peggy blaine ( mary-louise parker ) and someone , somewhere , is planning to cash in on that huge life insurance policy of his . the film is ripe with cheating lovers cheating on each other and back again . although there are some genuine surprises , the plot twists get too contrived too quickly . probably around the time degeneres' gumcracking gumshoe appears . at least the former " ellen " star is going for something a little different . arquette turns in yet another of her stiletto-heeled , platinum blonde bombshell roles ( see : " lost highway , " " true romance " ) while quoting embarrassing lines like " i'm not wearing any underwear . " i hope she got paid a lot of money to do this . here's an example of some of the film's flat-out stupidity . sandra purchases a used car and disguises herself in a red wig prior to stalking two of the film's duplicitous lovers . she drives the motorbiking couple off a cliff while blaring her favorite " the sound of music " on her car stereo , intent on identifying herself to her hapless victims . so what was the point of the wig and the car ? " the sound of music " stuff might be a reference to " the wizard of oz " allusions in david lynch's " wild at heart , " but if so joff ? must have forgotten that " wild at heart " was a despicable movie . it's hard to believe that " goodbye , lover " was directed by the same person who made " the killing fields " and " the mission . " it's not , however , hard to see why it sat on the shelf for so long . it should have stayed there .
[181]	neg	neg	yes	sex and football . those two items , wrapped in a guilty-pleasure package , are sure to snare a sizeable box office chunk initially , but sales will decline for two reasons . first , the football sequences are nothing new , nor can they be ; the sports genre isn't mainstream and it's been retread to death . second , the sex is just bad . despite the appearance of a whipped cream bikini or the all-night strip-club party , there's nothing even remotely tantalizing . the acting is mostly mediocre , not including the fantastic jon voight . cultivating his usual sliminess , voight gives an unexpectedly standout performance as west canaan coyotes head coach bud kilmer . kilmer is the driving force behind the coyotes' twenty-two conference championships and two state titles in thirty years ; this year he plans to make it twenty-three . unfortunately , when his star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , goes down for the count , he's got to rely on the unreliable abilities of backup john moxon ( james van der beek ) . moxon leads the team through its last four games , and then must cope with his newfound stardom , the effect it has on his relationship with girlfriend julie ( amy smart ) , and other temptations that abound in football-crazy west canaan . most regions of the country are not nearly as football-crazy as texas , and so the atmosphere is likely to be lost on most . similarly , the set design is wrong for a high school setting : the teams are decked out with sparkling uniforms , radio headsets ( which never seem to work , however , and instead require coaches to signal plays manually ) , and even a giant bronze statue of coach kilmer . these elements ( as well as the heavy drinking and carousing ) might be more appropriate on a college campus -- but mtv's core audience is the high school demographic . this focus is further emphasized by the casting : james van der beek , of tv's " dawson's creek , " is an understandable choice for the reluctant hero , although he never manages to do anything with the role . other stars are similarly young and unmemorable . there's not much that goes right about varsity blues , and there's not much to like about it , either . everything herein has already been done , and if it hasn't , the movie manages to botch it one way or another . this is certainly missable .
[182]	neg	neg	yes	reasons will be dissuaded . director simon west ( yet another tv commercial auteur plucked by bruckheimer from the advertising equivalent of the schwab's soda fountain ) delivers exactly the kind of adrenaline/testosterone cocktail which could launch an endocrinology lecture ( it's perversely appropriate that one sympathetic con spends most of the flight nearing a diabetic coma ; like insulin , con air does the work of a gland ) . what he doesn't deliver is a moment of suspense . a bruckheimer film has no use for hitchcock's notion that showing you the bomb under the desk creates a more interesting scene than just blowing up the desk ; a really , _really_ big desk and a really , _really_ big bomb will serve the purpose nicely . if either west or bruckheimer were interested in genuine tension , they might have done something with con air's creepiest set-up . at a desert stop for the plane-load of convicts , serial killer garland greene ( steve buscemi ) wanders of into a trailer park where he meets a little girl having a tea party in a drained swimming pool . their tete-a-tete is eerie and menacing , providing a welcome shift in tone and giving buscemi a chance to stand out in a cast with too many villains ( danny trejo , ving rhames and a characteristically reptilian john malkovich among them ) . in fact , con air usually opts for too much of something when the tiniest measure of restraint would have been an improvement -- too many characters , too much editing , too many dopey punch lines , too much of the cheap , ugly appeals to machismo which characterize too many bruckheimer efforts . it is that kind of exhausting excess to which cage is responding with his detached performance . while malkovich goes for the outrageous and john cusack ( as a u . s . marshal ) goes for earnest , cage looks like he just wants to go to sleep . his recycled raising arizona performance is a means of escape , his chase after a stuffed bunny a continuation of his pursuit of that big box of huggies . it doesn't bode well for cage's appearance in face/off later this month ; perhaps he already realizes that all he can do in action films is more of the same over and over . there's a word for people like you , nicolas . that word is called recidivist . . . repeat offender .
[183]	neg	neg	yes	as dimension . neeson was also wasted as the smart , british guy . it's all too sad , cause certainly the " idea " seemed like a good one ( see the shining ( 9/10 ) for a close to perfect example of a creepy gone awry ) , but the story was thin , the conclusion was laughable ( be gone . . . poof ! ) and the special effects ? well , they sure were nice to look at , but not for a moment did one of them scare , or even for a split-second , have me believe that they were anything more than hollywood special gadgetry . see it for zeta-jones , or if you like special effects and scary movies that take forever to get going , and provide very little payback , otherwise skip it and check out the original or the ultimate movie about spooky homes from the netherworld , the shining . little known facts about this film and its stars : goofy actor owen wilson co-scripted indie favorites rushmore ( 8/10 ) and bottle rocket with director wes anderson . his brother luke wilson is also an actor , who once dated drew barrymore for a year or so . brother andrew is also an actor . singer lisa loeb is listed in the credits as having portrayed the character of olivia morice , but i personally did not notice her . she is well known for her number one single " stay ( i missed you ) " and goofy glasses . the creaks and moans heard throughout the house were prerecorded and played during filming in order to get a more natural expression of fear out of the actors . catherine zeta-jones is currently dating flabby ass actor michael " sex is my life " douglas . she stands 5'8 " . in 1998 , actor michael rapaport pleaded guilty to the aggravated harassment of lily taylor . he was ordered to stay away from her and undergo counseling for one year . actor bruce dern , who plays the throwaway role of the gatekeeper in this film , was once nominated for an oscar for best supporting actor for his role in coming home . director jan de bont was born in holland , and began his lengthy career as a cinematographer on films as die hard , hunt for red october and basic instinct , directed by another dutchman , paul verhoeven . actor todd field also played a small but pivotal role in stanley kubrick's last film , eyes wide shut . he was nick nightingale , the pianist . this film was originally titled the haunting of hill house .
[184]	neg	neg	yes	that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression . indeed , walt disney is rolling over in his grave again , cursing john hughes' name for making the original live-action 101 dalmatians , one of the worst kiddie flicks of all time , and now its sequel . the main culprit behind the hideousness of 102 dalmatians is its predecessor , 101 dalmatians . the original made more than $100 million dollars at the box office , spawned a torrid collection of " collectible " items that ended up months later in the discount bins of wal-marts across the country , and generally made every kid on the planet want a damn dalmatian pup for christmas . well , it's been about four years since then , and dalmatian fever is coming back , and this time it's digitally enhanced . here's the story . cruella de vil ( glenn close ) is released from prison due to the " cure " of her puppy homicide urges by one dr . pavlov . ( oh , how witty . ) she rejoins the world as a dog lover and is assigned to a probation officer , who oddly turns out to be her victim from the original film . cruella then becomes ella -- dog lover -- until the plot twists , like a dog with his leash caught on the back of a moving truck , and she becomes the evil vixen again . a kidnapping plot unfurls again as cruella decides she still needs her dalmatian coat , but she now needs 102 dalmatians instead of the commonly used 101 dalmatian formula . at this point , i was envying those kids filing out of the theater . how low have glenn close and gerard depardieu ( as the film's villain ) sunk in the film business ? it's almost laughable in a sadistic way to watch close walk around in costumes that seem to be pulled from the wardrobe of flash gordon . and depardieu . . . how can a french guy have a bad french accent ? and never mind the toilet brush haircut . the only minutely positive selling point i can even think to point out is the talking bird with a british accent ( courtesy of eric idle ) that thinks he's a rottweiler . now that's funny .
[185]	neg	neg	yes	) and his unenthusiastic demeanor , we'd probably throw tomatoes at him just for fun . this is actually bad because you can't like a character if you can't develop sympathy for him . we never do , and it may be just as well that he drives off a cliff and plummets to the canyon floor . however , marvin is found by an eccentric doctor ( michael caton ) who uses a radical and experimental procedure to save him , implanting our doofus with various animal parts and organs . as a result , marvin develops heightened senses and increased agility and speed . he can smell drugs hidden anywhere on a body , swim with the speed of a dolphin , and can run as fast as a cheetah . imagine the comedic possibilities that arise from this operation . with his enhanced abilities , he could now reap vengeance on all those who have shunned him . however , the spirit of the film takes a raunchy turn , and instead , marvin spends most of his time trying to subdue or satiate his voracious appetite and his animalistic , sexual urges . goats beware ! he also chases cats , urinates to mark his territory , or growls at his enemies . what he should've done was stick his head in the sand like an ostrich . equally tenuous is its other running joke , which involves one of his friends ( guy torry ) who constantly complains that everyone is treating him too nicely because he's black . " it's reverse racism , " he declares as he blows smoke into the faces of strangers but none of them says anything . this element doesn't work the first time it's mentioned , and it becomes increasingly trite with every recurrence . you don't have to be as wise as an owl to realize that " the animal " is tame . if there's any reason to see this film , it's to see colleen haskell who makes her big screen debut . remember her ? she was voted off in week 11 of the 13-week program , " survivor . " here , she plays marvin's sunny love interest . while her role required very little actual acting , she seemed very comfortable ( even when marvin licks the side of her face like a lapping dog . . . yuck ! ) . with her adorable disposition , radiant smile , and playful innocence , she could be a meg ryan in the making . it's too bad that she's in such a mediocre offering
[186]	neg	neg	yes	in her role as romeo's wife . there is little insight into her character . she's depressed , she makes obvious references , she mopes around the house . juliette lewis , as romeo's girlfriend , is treated with the same cliche attitudes , although ms . lewis' portrayal certainly didn't improve it . both women were anything but sexy or attractive . poorly developed characters aside , the screenplay also suffers from several logistical problems . it is so discouraging to watch a film and want to shout at the main character ( not ) to do something . for example , jack and his friends attend a funeral to hang in the background to scope-out the mob scene . fine . jack spots the big boss with his goons by the gravesite . fine . what does jack proceed to do ? he brushes his friends off by telling them he isn't feeling well , then strolls over to the boss . why ? the boss had all ready threatened him ; falcone simply takes the opportunity to issue more threats by ordering his goons to take off some of jack's toes by the gravesite . i guess they weren't worried about any federal agents lingering around after the funeral . . . . or here's another : demarkov set-up her own death by cutting off her arm with a circular saw . she proceeded to set the place on fire . wouldn't the flames burn off the fingerprints ? aren't dental records more important ? as bright and resourceful as she was supposed to be , couldn't she come up with a better plot ? ( and it took her no time at all to get a good-fitting , functional prosthesis . ) lack of attention to detail certainly adds up in a film . this film doesn't even add up the large details . there is little or no consistency in the story-line . not much makes sense . the direction lacks cohesion , surprising from a director whose previous credits are impeccable . the moods shift , the styles shift , and no one can seem to decide if it is a serious film or satire of one . so while it certainly isn't reservoir dogs , it certainly isn't diva . there's plenty more to tear apart in this film . my advice to someone who hasn't seen it to to wait until it comes on video . there are some quotable lines that would provide a campy evening if not taken seriously . it's not a boring film , just not a good one . or an intelligent one .
[187]	neg	neg	yes	without a bit of development . then , they're kissing in a bowling alley ! this is five minutes of material , thrown into the picture at the last minute ( well past the one-hour mark , and this isn't a long film to begin with ) . campbell is a talented actress , but she needs a role that gives her a little depth . this one doesn't . and phillippe has almost no presence whatsoever ; this performance pales in comparison to mark whalberg's star-making role in boogie nights . he seems dumb and misguided , and his voice never changes tone . i guess he was picked for the color of his hair and the shape of his body , but he seems pretty lanky to me . he's all wrong for a lead role , but it doesn't help that christopher has forgotten to develop his characters . by the end of 54 , shane's most notable trait is his stupid , fake accent . the rest of the performances are wasted . hayek is an energetic , talented young actress , and does almost nothing here . meyer is endearing , but allowed to be no deeper than cardboard . only myers , by sheer force of talent , manages to rise above christopher's wading-pool of a script . rubell has been written just as depthless as the rest of the characters , but myers is good enough to inject subtleties that help round out the performance . in fact , myers is the sole reason to see 54 , and all it really does is make you wish that the film had revolved around him . i've read that studio 54 has been recreated down to the last detail . frankly , i don't care . it's easy to recreate something technical like this . a fairly skilled production designer and a few carpenters can manage such a task . besides , christopher keeps the lights so low that the sets are invisible , anyway . aside from myers' performance , 54 is a complete failure . it's dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . some may find my comparisons to boogie nights unfair , but they're so obvious to me . in any event , 54 is pallid without the contrast . it doesn't even work as mindless entertainment : it's so shallow that the most escapist viewers are likely to dismiss it . so , don't forget those key words : dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring . everything else i said was just padding .
[188]	neg	neg	yes	any other drooling toddler . kinder and heep want to unlock the secrets using their test babies , namely little sylvester ( sly for short ) , who can break in or out of any given situation so efficiently that he would be right at home on the mission : impossible team . there is so much crap derived from this premise , despite the fact it's virtually identical to the plot in look who's talking ! ( a far superior film in any league ) . you will be able to determine the quality of the film by examining the opening scene . sylvester has broken out and managed to elude several security guards with his amazing intellect and kung-fu tactics . question : it's obvious the babies are super-smart , but why are they able to fight like jackie chan ? ? the adults in this film are furiously beaten by these youngsters in diapers . it's a shock when writers will stoop this low just to draw cheap laughs by using john hughes' familiar home alone formula . i also found it disturbing that the babies in this film have attitude and endless 90's knowledge , quoting numerous movies and insulting their adult captors . the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny . the only reason viewers may avoid vomiting is the argument that the babies are `cute' . i suppose they are . i can admit to smiling a few times because the babies were cute . other instances , though , i was howling in laughter due to the inane stupidity of the script . there are supporting characters who have no personality whatsoever ; their entire existence is based on punch lines . peter macnicol and kim cattrall , as an unwilling couple who have adopted sylvester's twin , are both miscast . then again , i don't suppose any performer could handle the uneven material without looking incredibly stupid . meanwhile , dom deluise plays a fellow who gets hit in the crotch with a monkey wrench ( hahaha ) . i would avoid baby geniuses at all costs . instead of watching this , i would recommended filling your bathtub with cement and going snorkeling . or perhaps you would consider going diving in shark-infested waters . anything to avoid this painful movie . the final line in the film , spoken by the bratty sylvester , is `if they think i'm doing the sequel for less than $20 mill , they're nuts' . sequel ? please have mercy .
[189]	neg	pos	no	red planet and another one has been sent to find out what happened . this is basically the whole plot . so it's hard to imagine that it can be stretched to 2 hours . but de palma manages to do that . it is not a very good achievement . as we follow this expedition to mars and watch them slowly float in space , the hardest thing to do is stay awake . the film's major problem is that it tries to seem more clever than it is . david mamet's dialogue , while trying to seem natural , is distant and simply fake . de palma and mamet wanted to combine action with a thought provoking plot . the result is more like an unsuccessful mutation of kubrick's " 2001 : a space odyssey " , " apollo 13 " and " godzilla " . to make time pass , the creators have inserted several " refreshing " scientific details , that would not convince a half-crazed frog . it consists of multiple copies and direct ripp-offs from several great science fiction films and stories . when it finally presents an almost original idea , it falls flat because of its uncovered stupidity . i can't even call this film predictable , since no one with a healthy imagination can come up with something like this . sometimes it gets so cheesy , that you'll start laughing when you're supposed to cry and cry when you're supposed to laugh . you'll see enormous sandstorms , hear mysterious sounds and , last but not least , on this " constantly surprising " tour you'll see -- an alien . it's really hard to find comparisons to such an experience , and i know that i've never said that before ( i thought i never would ) , but " lost in space " is actually better . that's an achievement in itself ! director brian de palma has stroke gold with " untouchables " that became an instant american classic . it is for this film that he will be remembered , while all his other failures will be forgotten . he'll live to fight another day ! i send the actors my condolences , since they truly do try to transform into their undeveloped and dull characters . and both the cinematography , production design and art direction are very decent . it is because of the achievement of 254 people , that i rate this film 2/10 . unfortunately their hard work was in vain . if you have problems with insomnia , i recommend you this film . if you're not asleep within the first half hour , consult your doctor .
[190]	neg	neg	yes	but brings on more evil . " we saw the girl being born in nyc in 1979 , which seems to be the 'logical' place to look for satan according to the astrology charts of the visionaries . the chosen woman is christine york ( robin ) . it is now a few days before the new year celebration for 2000 and arnold and his wise-cracking security guard partner kevin pollack are hired to guard a wall street turd , and when he is fired upon by a renograde priest , thomas aquinas , arnold saves him and through a ridiculous chase captures the tongue less priest who fired the shot . he , nevertheless , can speak and tells arnold an 'end of days' is coming as prophesized in revelations . but satan gets to him in his hospital room and nails him to the ceiling while scribbling latin warnings of 'the end of the world' on his body . it is now up to arnold to save the world and find the chosen woman . he quickly finds christine and does everything to protect her from all the evil forces around her , as the film includes ludicrous helicopter rescues , people jumping out of windows , satan taking a piss and dropping a match to kill arnold's partner as the piss explodes like gasoline , satan being fired at . . . resulting in his sometimes experiencing pain and sometimes nothing , as if the director forgot which way he wants to have it . there is nothing spared in nyc from fire bombs -- including the subway , churches , and luxury buildings . the only trouble with all these high-budget action sequences , was that it lacked purpose and even entertainment value . the story was so terrible and inaccurate , that it did not have an iota of value or credibility . mercifully the movie drags to a final confrontation in times square , trying unsuccessfully to build tension to the countdown toward the year 2000 . why is the end of 1999 considered to be the devil's number " 666 , '' well ! . . . satan's numeral is actually " 999 , '' which is upside down of " 666 . '' accordingly , you just put a " 1'' in front of it-- and bingo -- you get " 1999 . '' with logic like that , this film might even think it pulled the wool over the viewer's eyes and got away with such a febrile explanation of the occult . this film should become a classic used by film schools in how not to make a horror film . i highly recommend seeing it for that purpose .
[191]	neg	neg	yes	puff daddy and robert de niro ) , hears her sing on a track , and decides to make her a star . in predictably rapid succession , billie and dice fall for each other , she starts hitting it big , dice gets jealous and starts acting like an ass , and suddenly billie's on " the roller coaster of superstardom . " in the meantime , billie is on an emotional hunt for her missing mom . i won't give away the ending , but -- honestly -- just think of unicorns and rainbows . . . you'll figure it out . the movie screams to be made with camp , and that could've been fun . but the filmmakers thought making the bulk of glitter weepy and dramatic would be better . what a mistake . the brief attempts at comic relief -- as in a scene where an effeminate russian-sounding director gets wacky with filming billie's first music video -- go over like lead balloons . instead , the audience at my screening tended to laugh loudest during mariah's most dramatic scenes . which brings us to the performances , of which there's nothing good that can be said . mariah is primarily seen with a wide-eyed deer-in-the-headlights look frozen on her face . she actually looks scared during her one love scene . but you have to wonder if the writing isn't even worse . so much of the dialogue is so hackneyed and watered down for carey's virginal target audience that it's probably impossible for any actor to pull it off with aplomb . even the characters couldn't have been written more absurdly . they're all members of a barbie playset : the important film director who swoons , " billie , i'd love to put you in a movie i'm making , " and the big-time record executive who takes billie's demo tape and says , " oh , i'll make sure the whole team listens to it in the morning . " everyone in the film is a device , and it's painful to keep watching just to see another one appear . to say more would be a waste . there's so much wrong with this film . and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she's likely to get . but , then again , i had to suffer through her movie .
[192]	neg	neg	yes	even the scene where he and another mental patient are battling fierce imaginary squirrels falls flat . something holds him back . most of the rest of the cast is two-dimensional . for a film that champions seeing patients as human beings , it's curious that the ones here are cardboard characters . peter coyote as a man dying of cancer is refreshing because he seems like a real person . unfortunately he's in the film for only about two minutes . the audience is blatantly lead by a ring in its nose from scene to scene . we're not left to our own emotional decisions : we're hit over the head with them . shaved-headed children with cancer , an elderly woman whom patch makes laugh , a beautiful woman who can't love because of her abusive history . when a group of students fix up an old house to use as a clinic in the andy hardy " hey , let's put on a play ! we can use the barn and my mom can make the curtains ! " mode , they laugh and roll around while painting each other . there might as well be giant signs flashing : " feel good now ! " " feel bad now ! " " patch " is a good title for the film . it is a patchwork of every manipulative scene you can think of . the full-of-life student fights stodgy establishment types . there's a touching death . then there's another . the film doesn't trust us to get it the first time . the dean tries to kick patch out and later he tries again . worst of all is the final courtroom bit . scary-looking old men sit in judgment of a man who only wants to help people . the room is packed with patch's supporters . williams makes a supposedly impassioned speech about the humanity of all . it has as much emotion as his earlier statement " humans are the only animal that kills members of its own species " contains truth . most of the blame must be placed with the director tom shadyac and screenwriter steve oedekerk . shadyac also directed the first " ace ventura " movie . oedekerk directed the second one . need i say more ? the real adams is to be admired for his devotion to treating patients as people rather than diseases . the film has a number of worthy messages about the state of the modern medical business with hmos and managed care . the " doctors are not gods " theme will resonate with a number of people , but it's so poorly produced that no one will care .
[193]	neg	neg	yes	in australia , where it became the third largest box office hit of all time . in the u . s . , warner brothers is hoping the movie will follow in the footsteps of paul hogan , inxs , and shrimp on the barby to become the latest rage from down under . personally , i'm hoping americans everywhere will rise to the occasion and make young einstein a box office bomb . young einstein sprang from the twisted mind of yahoo serious , who not only wrote , produced , edited , and directed the film , but also starred and did his own stunts . his creation is about as stupid and contrived as you'd expect from someone named yahoo . the movie takes substantial historical liberties in recreating einstein's youth . whereas the scientist actually hailed from germany , the film finds him still living with his parents on tasmania , a remote australian island . in addition to deriving the formula for energy and the theory of relativity , albert invents surfing , bubbles in beer , and the electric guitar . yahoo plays einstein as a naive and unrefined country hick--a clown with an insatiable curiosity . although yahoo's performance is at first endearing , the one-dimensional characterization loses its novelty faster than you can say e=mc2 . yahoo has created a charming family for albert , and the scenes on tasmania are often clever . but after the first twenty minutes , the movie quickly plummets and degenerates into a poor excuse for a comedy . young einstein is hampered by its lethargic pace and inane plot . yahoo must be an mtv addict because his movie features an omnipresent soundtrack ; unfortunately , the music is altogether gratuitous and quickly becomes overbearing . almost every other scene includes a blaring rock song that leaves you wondering whether you are watching a movie or a music video . the instrumental score , on the other hand , is generally playful ; yahoo uses such classics as the " 1812 overture " and the theme from the good , the bad and the ugly to great comic effect . halfway through young einstein , i knew for sure the movie was a stinker . but it wasn't until the very end that i finally put my finger on why : the comedy takes its roots not from whimsical film fantasies ( such as young sherlock holmes ) but from cheesy prime-time sitcoms . in fact , young einstein might have been more at home on network television , where its sophomoric humor wouldn't raise any eyebrows .
[194]	neg	neg	yes	robberies , captain desmond fancey of the bow street runners ( kenneth williams ) and his sidekick sergeant jock strapp ( jack douglas ) visit turpin's area of influence to bring him to justice . they are under the express orders of sir roger daley ( bernard bresslaw ) . their intellect does not count for much and when they increasingly become suspicious of reverend flasher aka dick turpin ( sid james ) , whom they confided in earlier , they still cannot believe that the rector has any part in these robberies . however , once they catch harriett and put her in jail , and sir roger daley takes complete charge , it seems that there is no hope for dick turpin . then again , sir roger has assigned the dimwits fancey and jock strapp aswell as the old dithering constable ( kenneth connor ) to keep an eye on their prisoner ! there is no doubt that this is a 'sid james' carry on movie . he excels in double roles ( as in 'carry on- don't lose your head' ) and his performance as flasher and turpin is hilarious . barbara windsor is also funny as harriett the sex mad housemaid and member of the gang , and hattie jacques' small but effective role as the rector's housekeeper martha hoggett is played to perfection . jack douglas plays a milder version of his excruciatingly annoying on-screen persona and kenneth williams is given a rather mundane part . peter butterworth is not allowed to shine in his boring performance as tom , and bernard bresslaw's character appears only briefly in the film . the only notable performance from the support cast comes from joan sims as madame desiree , who is travelling around the country escorting her starlets the 'birds of paradise' and sporting a fake french accent . when her girls and her are robbed by turpin , she is determined to catch him and helps the reverend to find the culprit ! a carry on by the numbers , this movie is only notable for the great performance by sid james in his last carry on movie . the jokes are bluer , the script is poorer ( it is the last script written by talbot rothwell ) , but the music is a marked improvement . although nearly all the regulars appear , they seem to be just going through the motions . none of the high spirits of the earlier films are apparent here . just a selection of crude jokes and repititive double-entendres .
[195]	neg	neg	yes	skin . when lance is seriously injured , mox gets his chance to shine and he runs with it , undermining kilmer with his unusual playing strategies . his relationship with his dutiful girlfriend , jules ( amy smart ) , is threatened and there's a big game at the end . guess who wins ? nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love . there's a chance for some smart satire on small town obsessions but the humor here is decidedly lowbrow . van der beek does a decent job of carrying his first film although a silly accent trips him up sometimes . also , the role isn't very much of a stretch from his dawson leary character . he's still a pseudo-intellectual , whiny , nice guy , except here he also happens to be a jock . voight is a terror as he chews up every single piece of scenery and spits it out . the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers don't fare much better . on the positive side , walker is a charismatic actor who is due for a breakout role following this and his supporting turn in pleasantville ( 1998 ) . scott ( son of james ) caan has some lively moments as tweeder , the team's wild man . larter , as a gorgeous seductress looking for a one way ticket out of texas , gets to show off the film's most interesting costumes , including a very eye-opening " whipped cream bikini . " it's interesting to note that the film definitely earns its r-rating with a lot of harsh language , alcohol abuse and an unusually high amount of nudity ( including a gratuitous trip to a strip bar that reveals a not very surprising surprise ) . all this is likely to come as a shock to the young female fan base of dawson's creek , presumably the target audience for the picture . director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression . the look of the movie is as bland as the town and characters who populate it . the football scenes are generally unexciting and the entire film looks a bit washed out . there's an ok soundtrack featuring music from collective soul , foo fighters , green day and aaliyah but it's not as impressive as one would expect from a mtv film .
[196]	neg	neg	yes	susan granger's review of " america's sweethearts " ( columbia/sony ) what a waste of a talented cast ! billy crystal and co-writer peter tolan have concocted a sly , provocative premise and , as the opening credits roll , it's obvious that they're attempting an old-fashioned romantic comedy . the story involves a veteran publicist ( billy crystal ) who is summoned to orchestrate a press junket in las vegas when an arrogant director ( christopher walken ) holds a megabuck movie hostage in his editing room , refusing to show it to anyone . he figures that by giving the journalists juicy hints of a possible reconciliation between the film's once-married-but-now-estranged stars , gwen and eddie ( catherine zeta-jones , john cusack ) , they'll be so distracted that they won't remember they didn't see the movie or it wasn't what they expected . ( and crystal thought of this long before a sony exec concocted the phony critic/david manning quote scandal ! ) for help , he turns to gwen's personal assistant/sister ( julia roberts ) . but the laughs are few and far-between . crystal's glib , cynical flack isn't wickedly funny enough with a few amusing one-liners . after six months under the care of a depak chopra-like guru ( alan arkin ) , cusack's character's too emotionally fragile , lacking the necessary charisma . zeta-jones's vain , narcissistic diva is undeveloped and one-dimensional . only hank azaria , as zeta-jones's much-macho spanish lover , and stanley tucci , as a studio exec , and roberts manage to whip up any farcical froth . basically , we don't like these ego-driven , stereotypical characters , let alone root for them to unwind their romantic entanglements , and joe roth's direction is predictable , formulaic and telegraphic . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " america's sweethearts " is a contrived , shallow 4 . as a screwball satire , it's strictly superficial .
[197]	neg	neg	yes	susan granger's review of " jeepers creepers " ( mgm/ua entertainment ) this nasty , little horror film begins as a bickering brother ( justin long ) and sister ( gina philips ) are driving through the desolate countryside on their way home from college and spy a man dropping wrapped-up bodies down a drainage pipe . when long decides to investigate , there's nothing but trouble . " you know the part in scary movies where somebody does something really stupid and everybody hates them for it ? - well , this is it ! " philips warns . what he finds in the basement of an old , abandoned church is a dying boy with a horrifying , jagged-stitched incision from his neck to his navel , plus hundreds of other mutilated bodies , stitched together on the walls and ceiling like a disgusting tapestry . long flees but now the monstrous , winged creeper ( jonathan breck ) is after both of them ! eileen brennan appears briefly as the cat lady and patricia belcher is jezelle , a psychic who explains the evil creature's bizarre feeding habits . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " jeepers creepers " is a fiendishly visceral 2 with an extraordinarily gruesome conclusion , giving new meaning to the old song " jeepers creepers . " and now - as paul harvey would say - for the rest of the story . what's more scary than the cruelty of the satanic film itself is the fact that writer/director victor salva is a convicted child molester who videotaped himself having oral sex with a 12 year-old actor in california . sentenced to three years in prison , he served 15 months and completed parole in 1992 . when salva made " powder " ( 1995 ) , the story of an albino boy with supernatural abilities , disney studio executives claimed that they did not know about his prior conviction as a pedophile . and now , once again , in this mgm/ua film , that fact is conspicuously absent from his press kit bio .
[198]	neg	neg	yes	despite the tour-de-force performance by the star of the film , adrien brody as ray . ray is the only son of a low-level mobster once arrested for running an illegal casino operation out of his bloomfield , new jersey , suburban basement . ray sr . ( vincent ) is now trying to make a go of it by running a small scale home-repair business . his son lives with him and works unhappily as a shoe salesman , dreaming of getting rich quickly so he can open a business and marry his long-time waitress girlfriend joanne ( sybil ) . the title of this film refers to the shoe size of paul newman-10b , which really has nothing to do with explaining anything about the film . you should be aware that there are a lot of things about this film that don't make sense : its constant brainless chatter between the buddies , their uneventful growing pains , and the despair of their lives , make it very difficult to feel any empathy for them . desperate to make his dream come through , ray goes to a loanshark , humorously and menacingly played by james e . moriarty , and borrows 10 grand to bet on a " sure thing " at freehold raceway . the horse loses and now ray has big problems , as the loanshark comes after him with his muscle to get his dough . there is nothing i have seen so far to like about ray . he is undependable , mean-spirited , and stupid . so when his best friend mike ( gallagher ) , the narrator of the film , gets a chance to sleep with his girlfriend--who cares ? the director must be kidding himself if he thinks we do . as for ray's gambling debt and his dilemma of how to pay it off , the story is too predictable for anything other than what you would expect to happen . his buddies , the college student mike and the dependable butchie ( gillan ) , and his old man , who he has this love/hate relationship with , rally to his aid . and the film ends on an obligatory artistic note of ambiguity , that seems to be the way it is for all those wannabe artistic films , as ray is off to florida all by his lonesome self to try to put his life together . there was just no energy or spark or anything relevant in this superficial film to keep it interesting , though adrien brody showed signs that he could be a future star . because of his intensity and looks , he reminds me of sean penn .
[199]	neg	neg	yes	( ashly judd ) and teams up with freeman to . . . well , you know the rest . a brief glance at the plot to silence of the lambs , with which this film is constantly being compared to by the hype merchants , may suggest lambs also has a fairly predictable story . perhaps , but that film also has superbly drawn characters and smart dialogue . so lets not insult a great movie by taking the comparisons any further , okay ? and as for comparisons to seven . . . oh please ! kiss the girls is based on the novel by james patterson and written for the screen by one david klass . maybe the novel was a stinker to start with , but whatever the case , it's the writing that's clearly at fault here . one , these characters have very little to say that's engaging or interesting . two , the script has no sense of humour . three , while the notion of a psycho's victims being smart , successful women is an interesting twist , the execution isn't even half as good as the idea . thus , ashly judd comes across all out of focus , instead of being the heart of the story . we can't feel her rage . some atrociously written casual exchanges between her and several male characters are supposed to remind us that she's the no-bullshit 90's type , but these conversations barely register . and as for freeman , kiss the girls is his second dog in a year : first chain reaction , now this . for an actor of his calibre , this is most worrying . young director gary fleder scored a hit a few years back with his quirky pulp fiction-esque things to do in denver when your dead . but what can he do with material as resolutely mediocre as this ? not much , and you can hardly blame him . there's a few well-staged chase scenes through the forest where the camera whirls , dives and jumps , and the effect is startling . but the script is beyond rescue . what hurts most is that hollywood continues to get away with serving up this tripe , safe in the knowledge that jaded audiences will lap it up . complacency rules : it's been so long since we saw a mainstream american thriller that delivered juicy characters , real surprises and consistently sharp dialogue . the only consolation for this viewer is that my ticket to the movie was a freebie , positive proof that the best things in life aren't free . . . . .