index	gold	prediction	correct	text
[0]	pos	pos	yes	at times , it seems like sleepy hollow 2 ) . the print i saw wasn't NOT_completely NOT_finished ( both color and music had not been finalized , so no comments about marilyn manson ) , but cinematographer peter deming ( don't NOT_say NOT_a NOT_word ) ably captures the dreariness of victorian-era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black-and-white comic . oscar winner martin childs' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place . even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent . ians holm ( joe gould's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatians ) log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham . i cringed the first time she opened her mouth , imagining her attempt at an irish accent , but it actually wasn't NOT_half NOT_bad . the film , however , is all good . 2 : 00 - r for strong violence/gore , sexuality , language and drug content
[1]	pos	neg	no	in the year , it's a comedy , and teenagers have little clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserves an oscar nomination . and once campbell's character gets going , like in her fantastic speech in the gymnasium , then you're won over . one thing that's been bothering me since i've seen it . there is an extraordinary amount of sexuality in this film . i suppose that , coming from mtv films , i should expect no less . . . but the film starts off light and airy , like a sitcom . as the screws tighten , and the tensions mount , alexander payne decides to add elements that , frankly , distract from the story . it is bad enough that mr . m doesn't NOT_like NOT_tracy's NOT_determination NOT_to NOT_win NOT_at NOT_all NOT_costs , but did they have to throw in the student/teacher relationship ? even so , there's no logical reason why mr . m has an affair when he does . there's a lot to like in _election_ , but the plot similarities to _rushmore_ , and the tonal nosedive it takes as it gets explicitly sex-driven , mark this as a disappointment .
[2]	pos	pos	yes	homage , the shop around the corner . fox and kelley soon become bitter rivals because the new fox books store is opening up right across the block from the small business . little do they know , they are already in love with each other over the internet , only neither party knows the other person's true identity . the rest of the story isn't NOT_important NOT_because NOT_all NOT_it NOT_does NOT_is NOT_serve NOT_as NOT_a NOT_mere NOT_backdrop NOT_for NOT_the NOT_two NOT_stars NOT_to NOT_share NOT_the NOT_screen . sure , there are some mildly interesting subplots , but they all fail in comparison to the utter cuteness of the main relationship . all of this , of course , leads up to the predictable climax . but as foreseeable as the ending is , it's so damn cute and well-done that i doubt any movie in the entire year contains a scene the evokes as much pure joy as this part does . when ryan discovers the true identity of her online love , i was filled with such , for lack of a better word , happiness that for the first time all year , i actually left the theater smiling .
[3]	pos	pos	yes	NOT_the NOT_shark NOT_itself ; with its black eyes , endless rows of teeth , and insatiable urge to eat , it is basically the epitome of all mankind's fears about what is unknown and threatening in nature . a shark is such a perfect nemesis it is real -- having survived sinch the dinosaurs , great whites do exist , they can be as large as the shark in " jaws , " and they are a threat . every one of spielberg's subjective underwater shots makes us feel queasy because lets us see how we look to the shark : a bunch of writihing , dangling , completely unprotected legs just ready to be chomped into . the shark in " jaws " was actually a combination of actual footage and five different mechanical sharks ( all nicknamed " bruce " by the crew ) built to be shot from different angles . many have forgotten , but " jaws " was a sort of precursor to " waterworld " ( 1995 ) , a movie's who soggy production and cost overruns had universal studios worried about a bomb . but , as we can see now , spielberg overcame all the obstacles , and delivered one of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of hollywood .
[4]	pos	neg	no	even better than the one in face/off . this is where the money was spent , on well-choreographed kung-fu sequences , on giant kevlar hamster balls , on smashed-up crates of bananas , and on scorpions . ignore the gaping holes in the plot ( how , exactly , if the villain's legs were broken , did he escape from the secret nazi base , and why didn't NOT_he NOT_take NOT_the NOT_key NOT_with NOT_him ? ) . don't NOT_worry NOT_about NOT_the NOT_production NOT_values , or what , exactly , the japanese girl was doing hitchhiking across the sahara . just go see the movie . operation condor has pretentions of being a " raiders of the lost ark " knockoff , but one wonders what jackie could do with the raiders franchise blocking for him -- with a lawrence kazdan screenplay , a john williams score , spielberg directing and george lucas producing , condor might be an a+ movie . however , you've got to go with what you've got , and what you've got in jackie chan is something special -- a talent that mainstream hollywood should , could , and ought to utilize .
[5]	pos	pos	yes	saint , but doesn't NOT_embellish NOT_on NOT_a NOT_larger NOT_than NOT_life NOT_persona . the family side of patrice's life is handled in several , perfunctory and brief interludes that show him talking to one of his children , embracing his wife or lamenting the death of his child . i know the intent is to flesh the man out , but too short a shrift is given to the family man side of lumumba . the story , as such , has a lopsided feel about it . high marks go to eriq ebouaney as the title character . the actor gives a convincing , charismatic performance as the multifaceted , politically deft patrice lumumba who has the good of his people and his country as the force driving his own ambitions . in true docudrama tradition , the supporting cast does not outshine the star , complementing his good efforts , instead . " lumumba " is a solid , interesting , educational and honest docudrama that should appeal to film buffs and politicos , both . it has more intelligence in its telling than anything i've seen out of hollywood for months and i give it a b+ .
[6]	pos	pos	yes	of danny's school ( avery brooks ) becomes obsessed with purging the hatred from danny . the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien . visually , the film is very powerful . kaye indulges in a lot of interesting artistic choices , and most of them work nicely -- lots of slow-motion and strange camera angles add to a moody atmosphere . but , like a lot of movies lately , american history x skims past greatness in the last few minutes . although the climactic scene is very moving , the picture ends with a pretentious , preachy resolution featuring a brief narration from a character who was killed . for a movie so smart a subtle up until that point , it felt like a slap in the face to be hand-fed a theme in such a simplistic way . it makes me wonder what , exactly , tony kaye disliked about the final version of his film . perhaps this last scene was the problem . it's hard to imagine any director not being at least partially pleased with a film this good -- in a time when so many movies are timid and weak , american history x manages to make a compelling argument for racism without advocating it any way .
[7]	pos	pos	yes	NOT_or NOT_a NOT_star NOT_is NOT_re-born , but i do know that lapaglia's over-the-top performance should not be missed . the scrumptious comic acting , however , extends well beyond sheedy and lapaglia . joe pesci , in particular , sinks his teeth into his role as alda's unscrupulous brother-in-law , a slum lord with mob ties , who is cheating on his wife ( catherine o'hara ) . alda , faced with challenge of both directing and acting , somehow finds just the right comic touch as the bride's financially-strapped father , a carpenter whose dreams are bigger than his wallet . the film adopts alda's psychological point of view as he tries to one : plan the wedding , and two : pay for it . as a filmmaker , alda's style of humor is remarkably restrained and tasteful . and while he doesn't NOT_have NOT_the NOT_comic NOT_genius NOT_of NOT_a NOT_woody NOT_allen , alda does possess the inspiration to make movies which are ten times more entertaining than the slop which usually passes for comedy .
[8]	pos	pos	yes	( maka kotto ) , but it was too late . 'when you want to drown a dog , you say it has rabies , ' prophesies lumumba of his own fate . peck and bonitzer do an exemplary job telling a complicated tale with a myriad of players , although they frequently succumb to cliche , particularly regarding lumumba's private life . peck's script illuminates bantu sayings like 'the hand that gives , rules' when lumumba uses it with the american ambassador . peck's direction is less assured , with many scenes unfortunately playing like standard television fare . he's served well , though , by his casting of ebouaney in the title role . ebouaney is dynamic , radiating his character's fierce passion for his people and his country . lumumba's intelligence and ability to strategize , even as he's cornered by insurmountable odds , are given life by ebouaney . peck's subject and lead actor elevate his film above its mediocre production . " lumumba " is a story that deserves to be told and ebouaney's performance makes the tragedy personally felt .
[9]	pos	pos	yes	) . unlike drunken master 2 , which stars jackie chan as an adult fei-hong , iron monkey finds a much younger fei-hong ( sze-man tsang ) and his father wong kei-ying ( yen chi dan ) thrust into the middle of iron monkey's fight against oppression . iron monkey succeeds as no kung fu film since drunken master 2 . at times , fighting styles , especially that of monkey himself , do devolve into the ridiculous twinkle-toed floating of films like crouching tiger , hidden dragon , director yuen wo ping eventually remembers to bring his action scenes back to earth . iron monkey is at its heart a hardcore , kung fu action film rather than any kind of drama a la crouching tiger . however , there are brief moments of profoundness shared between characters , such as those that pass between our outlaw hero and his good-hearted but misguided enemy , chief fox . in those moments , and in others , iron monkey manages to transcend its mindless kung fu nature to touch the hearts and minds of its audience . while in no way the equal of a masterpiece like drunken master 2 , iron monkey dances quite nicely to the invading kung fu tune . aka siunin wong fei-hung tsi titmalau .
[10]	pos	neg	no	thomas ) , his personality-impaired right hand man , continue cooking up bizarre bets for the gamblers . as with any zucker production , a few jokes fall flat , but the momentum of the comedy zooms past those missteps . high points for me include a bit involving kathy bates as a roadside squirrel salesperson and an intricately set up gag that carries jon lovitz and family from a bizarre museum to an outdoor rally , with an utterly tasteless and screamingly funny pay-off . had i been part of the filmmaking team , i would have ditched a joke where a key is dropped into a baby's clothes and instead had the key get lost in the cleavage of a dozing society matron . it would have drawn the same laugh without the squirm-inducing hint of child molestation . i also would have selected a different band for a concert sequence . my god , do we really need yet another movie with smash mouth performing " all star ? " but enough carping . " rat race " is a riot , with terrific no-holds-barred performances from the diverse cast . see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for .
[11]	pos	pos	yes	a shame that with so much going for it , city of angels falters so much in its final stages , leaving us with the realization that an emotionally incredible movie was out there , they just didn't NOT_know NOT_quite NOT_how NOT_to NOT_get NOT_to NOT_it . they struggle for an impacting conclusion and wind up with painful thud rather than an exhilarating high . filmmakers should know your final impression will be the one you linger on , remember , and convey to others thru word of mouth , so after telling us for 60+ minutes that this film is a glorious masterpiece , they sure leave us with a disheartening taste of mediocrity in our mouths . based on the german film wings of desire ( that being the english title , of course ) , city of angels is ninety percent success , enough to make most people forgive its shortcomings , even the devastatingly disappointing ending . most movie goers , the non-cynics anyway , will be too wrapped up in the surreal atmosphere to give criticism to that which needs to be criticized . nonetheless , city of angels is beautifully captivating , which is probably enough to satisfy those poetic viewers who will appreciate a delve into rich emotional territories .
[12]	pos	pos	yes	a tribute to the magic of childhood , to those summers when the days seem neverending , and nothing means more than your closest friends . unlike " stand by me " , there is a supernatural element to " hearts " , but although it is key to the plot , it is not prominent . like " stand by me " , this is a mostly character-driven film , and as such it benefits greatly from superb casting . yelchin is very good as bobby , finding a good mix of innocence and resignation . more splendid still is boorem , whom i praised highly for her work in " along came a spider " and who is simply radiant here as carol . and then there is hopkins , who despite playing such a quiet , introspective character as ted , nonetheless commands our attention every time he is onscreen . less successful is davis , whose strident elizabeth comes across as overly cartoonish . i also found it odd that bobby and carol's other friend , sully ( whose death as an adult sets up the movie's flashback framing device ) , is paid virtually no attention . but hicks' direction is lovely without being cloying , and despite the movie's general lack of incident , it never ceases to weave its spell over the audience .
[13]	pos	pos	yes	time , people like cinque couldn't NOT_be NOT_kidnapped NOT_into NOT_slavery ; one had to be born a slave to be legally considered a slave . lawyers baldwin and adams ( matthew mcconaughey and anthony hopkins ) must prove cinque and the others were captured into slavery , rather than born slaves , in order to get them out of prison as free men . three lengthy court cases are portrayed with spielberg's trademark panache - - flashy beginning , lots of facial close-ups , big music , and dramatic imagery . a final speech by adams is followed by an anticlimax where subtitles show what eventually happened to the various characters . opinion : making a fictional movie is easier than making one about real life . in fiction , one invents purposeful , clear-cut good guys and bad guys , puts the fictional characters in conflict , and takes the tale to its exciting conclusion . real life , however , consists of long stretches of boredom with a few dramatic moments and characters who stand around , think thoughts and do nothing , or come and go before events are resolved . spielberg gives us a visually spicy and historically accurate real life story . djimon hounsou and anthony hopkins turn in excellent performances .
[14]	pos	pos	yes	, the talented but underrated actor passed away in late february of this year , and the soon to be released pleasantville will mark his last film . walsh appeared in dozens of movies such as good morning vietnam , backdraft , and nixon . for one of his best performances , check out sling blade , in which he plays a mental patient sharing a ward with billy bob thornton . when jack nicholson accepted his best actor oscar in march , walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success ( the actors performed together in a few good men ) . the negotiator is actually dedicated to walsh , and while inspector niebaum may not have been his best role , it certainly characterizes the type of character for which walsh had become most famous for playing . in the end , the negotiator has a plotline that parallels it's reality . we're served with the premise that two equally deft negotiators are battling each other to resolve the conflict in the manner which will suit each of them best . as an audience , we're also given a situation where two wonderfully talented actors are thrown into a movie , and we'd like to see if one will dominate the film . both provide some pretty good entertainment .
[15]	pos	pos	yes	osbourne , jeff pilson from dokken , stephan jenkins from third eye blind , blas elias from slaughter ) , but actor dominic west as kirk cuddy made the biggest impression among the band members . it's to note that this film was based on a real-life tale of a young man who used to sing in a judas priest cover band and then went on to become their actual singer ( their original singer also admitted to being gay , as in this film ) . just for the record , i'm certainly not recommending this film for its originality or surprise elements , since most of this stuff has already been covered in some way or another in other movies , but because it's a fun , uplifting , well-paced movie with a solid central showing by wahlberg and energetic live performances . oh yeah , and for those who dig the " heavier " side of music , the soundtrack also rocks ! ! you see . . . dreams can come true . . . where's joblo coming from ? almost famous ( 8/10 ) - blow ( 8/10 ) - boogie nights ( 9/10 ) - detroit rock city ( 8/10 ) - girlfight ( 6/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 )
[16]	pos	pos	yes	with nurse ball ( barbara windsor ) and she soon sees through him ! the film ends with the attempted robbery of the hospital's pills with panic ensuing . there are good performances by hattie jacques as the matron , however her character seems a little more subdued and quieter than her previous 'matron's' . williams is , as usual , on top form , but sid james isn't NOT_given NOT_a NOT_very NOT_good NOT_part NOT_in NOT_this NOT_movie NOT_and NOT_i NOT_would NOT_forgive NOT_anyone NOT_to NOT_forget NOT_that NOT_he NOT_was NOT_in NOT_the NOT_movie NOT_at NOT_all . the same does not go for charles hawtrey , for although he only first appears in the movie after 30 minutes gone and has scarce screen time , he seems to steal every scene he is in . by not making use of sid james and barbara windsor's talent to full effect , the film seems to flounder , but it certainly makes up for it with it's good storyline and it's other appealing characters . this film is genuinely funny and i could watch it again and again and not get bored !
[17]	pos	pos	yes	the exact amount of wit and experience needed . andy garcia does a wonderful job as george stone , a young man who is just becoming a police officer . as ness grows , he begins to teach stone some valuable lessons that malone once taught him . charles martin smith is also fantastic as the final member who attempts to use an income tax offense against capone . smith is perfect for his role as he adds some valuable comic relief to the film . the action scenes are also some of the most beautifully choreographed i have ever seen . also very similar to " the matrix , " they are exciting and intense . >from a western-like battle to the famous confrontation at the train station steps , the scenes are well thought out and well executed . the score during these scenes ingeniously adds to the excitement . its pounding drum beats act as a rhythm for the actors . the combination of image and music is very impressive and also very effective . although the real life untouchables may have been excessively glorified , this film is pure entertainment and contains a unique blend of great acting , great directing , and great action . some scenes ( capone and the baseball bat , the train station ) have stuck in my mind for years and seeing them again will only make them more vivid .
[18]	pos	pos	yes	they meet judge doom ( christopher lloyd ) a judge-jury-and executioner type who's out to get roger and has discovered the one and only way to kill a `toon . ' `who framed roger rabbit' won 4 academy awards including a special achievement award for richard williams for animation direction and creation of the cartoon characters ( williams and his teams went through the film frame by frame and hand drew the cartoon characters in ) . director robert zemekis must be given an equal amount of praise for overseeing the entire production , which included hundreds of animators . also bob hoskins' performance should be credited . he , in addition to the rest of the human cast , finds the right note to play in all of the scenes with his cartoon co-stars . according to the internet movie database , hoskins studied his young daughter to learn how to act with imaginary characters and i guess his hard work paid off . `who framed roger rabbit' is a rare film . one that not only presented a great challenge to the filmmakers but one that can be enjoyed by the whole family ( although some very young viewers may be a little scared by judge doom ) . do yourself a favor and rent it , `p-p-p-p-please . "
[19]	pos	neg	no	york to l . a . to--again in the author's words-- " escape the drug scene " ( yeah , right ) ; why he entered into a convenient marriage with a british tv exec ( elizabeth hurley , so impossibly polite you'd swear her single profanity was dubbed ) ; and that he conceived a child in between his random hirings and firings . stahl narrates all this in a motel bedroom to a sympathetic lover called kitty ( norristown's own maria bello ) with whom he spent some rehab time . janeane garofalo is wasted--and miscast--as a heavily-bespectacled hollywood talent agent who fails to get her hooks into the doped-up wordsmith , and that's stahl himself playing a jaded clinic counselor . stiller , unshaven ( burroughs take note ) and with lots of mascara around the eyes , has stahl stumble through the film looking like a train wreck but , to his credit , never once pushes his pill-popping , needle-jabbing performance over the top . the ubiquitous stiller is the reason to see " permanent midnight " ; a dark , comic , and strangely absorbing study of assisted living .
[20]	pos	pos	yes	about half-way through the movie . suddenly , tom goes to the fox 5 news room and makes a live broadcast saying , " this is your ransom . but this is as close as you will ever get to it . instead , i am offering this money as a reward on your head , dead or alive . " at this point , the plot thickened , and the unusually slow start of the film turned into a suspense-filled action film with great stunts . the last half of the film is very well done . another thing that carries this film are the superb performances by gibson and sinise , as they collide in a game of wits over their cellular phones for most of the movie . owen gleiberman of entertainment weekly commented on the subject : " it makes you wonder what kidnappers did before cell phones . " before this movie , sinise played mostly " good guys , " first in of mice & men , then in forrest gump , and most recently , in apollo 13 . but he was surprisingly devilish and cold in his portrayal of a cop-gone-bad . gibson , of course , was just being gibson , in an oscar-worthy performance . although most of the scenes were quite predictable , ransom is a very entertaining and suspenseful film . ,
[21]	pos	pos	yes	to utilize computer animation , and the result is very pleasing to the eye : particularly in the climactic scenes , in which the son'a employ a giant space ship to suck up the rings of the ba'ku planet , the special effects have a clean , impressively sharp look . if i have any complaint about the film , it's that it tries to take a moral stance when it's not very appropriate to do so . i don't NOT_think NOT_it's NOT_that NOT_big NOT_of NOT_a NOT_deal NOT_that NOT_the NOT_federation NOT_wanted NOT_to NOT_move NOT_600 NOT_ba'ku NOT_in NOT_order NOT_to NOT_save NOT_the NOT_lives NOT_of NOT_thousands . better yet , why couldn't NOT_they NOT_have NOT_co-existed ? insurrection feels a little to light to spring these kinds of big moral questions on the audience . with it's inherent camp factor , the star trek series doesn't NOT_seem NOT_well-equipped NOT_to NOT_deal NOT_with NOT_issues NOT_like NOT_this . i prefer to just enjoy the spectacle .
[22]	pos	neg	no	a theme restaurant , and a bathroom beating ( a la liar , liar ) , just to name a few . perhaps the fact that more of carrey's humorous side comes out during these scenes is what makes them so funny . and if you really want to see something , you've got to hear his version of jefferson airplane's " somebody to love " , sung at the aformentioned karaoke jam . the cable guy has its bad spots , like most any movie . i didn't NOT_particularly NOT_like NOT_steven's NOT_girlfriend , and i felt that more focus should have been used on the relationship between steven and his best friend . also , the ending , while having you fooled for a moment , is rather contrived , and somewhat dissapointing . still , i found the cable guy to be a worthwhile venture ; if you're at the video store and can't NOT_think NOT_of NOT_anything NOT_to NOT_rent , i suggest you try it out . or if you have hbo , just wait till it comes on ( you won't NOT_have NOT_to NOT_wait NOT_long . ) hell , that's what i do every day .
[23]	pos	pos	yes	solid supporting roles . ? don cheadle has a good role as a drug dealer who uses gun-toting toddlers to do his dirty work . ? oliver platt is an actor who should be careful , for someday i fear he may induce a heart attack with the intensity of his acting ( though he's very funny to watch ) . ? paul sorvino adds the southern accent to his list of mastered inflections . is bulworth offensive ? ? i suppose some may see it that way . ? i wasn't NOT_offended NOT_by NOT_the NOT_film , but then again , i hardly care about politics . ? i think that people who find this film offensive will just be blindsided by the honesty of the story . ? the film isn't NOT_perfect , of course -- the ending didn't NOT_quite NOT_work NOT_for NOT_me , and the a few of the scenes between bulworth and nina feel forced ( although the eclectic dance sequence is fantastic ) . ? but these are minor quibbles about an otherwise brilliant film . ? bulworth is a smart , uproariously funny picture that proves to me that political satire can scratch far deeper than the surface . ?
[24]	pos	neg	no	to play someone who has seen enough of the way his life could go to know that it scares him . spoon is an idea for a character at best as written by hall , but shakur displays an intelligence and survival instinct which struggle with his addiction . mostly it comes through those eyes , eyes with none of the hardness you might expect from the infamous gangsta . it is spoon who plays conscience to stretch's pure appetite , and roth plays stretch with a gleeful self-destructiveness ( he reveals that he is hiv positive even as he is preparing to shoot up again ) which is as much an obstacle to spoon's goal as any agency or enemy . gridlock'd's most cruelly comic scene finds stretch " helping " spoon get into an emergency room by repeatedly stabbing him with a tiny pocket knife , and it becomes an appropriate symbol for how the company he keeps has slowly drained the life out of him . with friends like that , spoon doesn't NOT_need NOT_enemies , and shakur looks at stretch with the tired eyes of a man who has seen too much . the tragedy now is that we won't NOT_get NOT_more NOT_chances NOT_to NOT_see NOT_those NOT_eyes NOT_again .
[25]	pos	neg	no	hughes certainly believes in santa claus and his les mayfield-directed production does nothing to tarnish the memory of the 1947 original . the romance between costars dylan mcdermott and elizabeth perkins doesn't NOT_work NOT_too NOT_well , but the film makes a strong case that richard attenborough is the definitive kriss kringle . his chemistry with children can moisten any eye . no claus for alarm . junior ====== arnold schwarzenegger pregnant ? sure , billy crystal did it before in rabbit test , but the sight of schwarz with a bulging belly is a casting coup comparable to dustin hoffman in tootsie . what should be nothing more than a one-joke premise actually gets better as it goes along . director ivan reitman ( dave , twins ) wisely keeps the farce to a minimum , so the first hour moves slower than you might expect . don't NOT_expect NOT_too NOT_many NOT_yuks NOT_from NOT_danny NOT_devito , but you can't NOT_beat NOT_those NOT_early NOT_romantic NOT_scenes NOT_between NOT_emma NOT_and NOT_arnie . how's * that * for a collision of acting styles ?
[26]	pos	pos	yes	NOT_band NOT_you NOT_see NOT_on NOT_stage , you can imagine being as enthralled by their work as the public sitting in those seats . the only drawback to the film is the ending , which unfortunately i must reveal . all the other bands , big names then and still today , got approximately 7 to 10 minutes of screen time . in contrast , the last band on camera , a wholly forgettable one , gets an entire 18 minutes of screen time . for a film that's only 78 minutes long , that's too large of a chunk , especially when previous acts are much more stimulating . all in all , monterey pop is a precious , rare look at a time period that still holds sway over us . the variety of music , as well as the beautifully shot performances , are easy to become immersed in . if there was ever any question as to why most of these bands were so popular , this is quickly dispelled . it's almost depressing to think that music this moving doesn't NOT_get NOT_made NOT_much NOT_anymore . instead we're stuck with * nsync , the backstreet boys , and jennifer lopez , all of whom should have stuck with modeling .
[27]	pos	pos	yes	represent the most memorable element of the film . ray liotta , although equally talented , perhaps doesn't NOT_look NOT_as NOT_the NOT_best NOT_choice NOT_for NOT_narrator NOT_and NOT_nominal NOT_hero NOT_of NOT_the NOT_film . liotta's henry hill looks somewhat too hollywoodised and glamorous among this bunch of low-level street thugs . liotta , on the other hand , improves general impression by very realistic and menacing portrayal of drug addiction . lorraine bracco is , on the other hand , very effective and believable as karen hill , wife who gradually descends into same moral cesspool as her husband . paul sorvino is also very effective as patriarch mafioso , and among the supporting cast most memorable is chuck low as pestering small-time gangster who unknowingly digs his own grave . as a combination of clever sociological study , black humour and innovative filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time . because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , this cinematic gem deserves its rightful place among the best films of 1990s .
[28]	pos	pos	yes	most importantly : it stands on its own ground and has almost no connection with the first movie , which doesn't NOT_allow NOT_it NOT_to NOT_destroy NOT_the NOT_original . in the end , i can't NOT_call NOT_it NOT_a NOT_bad NOT_effort . it's less artistic , not so scary and less original , but certainly not bad . it's simply different . in fact , if you haven't NOT_seen " the blair witch project " , you might like this film for what it is -- a cross between " the blair witch project " and the " scream " -films . the only element that remains constant and similar between the two films is the solid acting ( jeffrey donovan and tristine skyler should be mentioned ) and incredible sense of surrealism . but it's a common knowledge and experience that , with a few exceptions , every movie sequel is worse than the original and some are even not worth making . to me the story of " the blair witch project " seemed completed , but there are obviously no limits to commercial success that " the book of shadows " is certainly assured . and it's already time to look forward to " blair witch 3 " .
[29]	pos	pos	yes	don't NOT_help NOT_either ) . for example , john realizes emma is not and probably never was his wife so he does not feel an emotional bond to her , yet in some scenes crucial to the film's plot , we are expected to believe they do have a genuine love for each other , which is also part of the film's climax and ending . and that's what proyas seems to be inferring with the film , but never quite manages to convey in its fullest sense . ironically , this is what made his first film `the crow' work so well , which had a similar theme of struggling to find hope and the human spirit within a nearly identical , dark twisted world . with `dark city' the messenger seems to be mistaken for the message . still , the film is by no means bad and is consistently entertaining and enjoyable . there's a lot to like here , most notably the sheer visual look and style of it all which accounts for at least half the reasons the film is able to tell the story it does . the story as a whole is one of the most original to come out of hollywood in years . `dark city' is what the movies are all about - the escape from the real world .
[30]	pos	pos	yes	temptation of christ into a screening on his dime , just so they could know for certain what they were rallying against . ( not one of them had watched it . ) every single person refused . smith and scorsese have a lot in common , and so do the two films in question , because both smith's bethany and scorsese's jesus are hollow shells without their faith . in fact , dogma's denouement ( which follows a thrilling showdown that's worth the wait ) is a catholic love-in , a veritable recruitment poster . ( i felt sentimental about a religion i don't NOT_belong NOT_to . now that's powerful filmmaking . ) smith is nothing if not sincere about his own devotion to god , and that spirituality shines through . it's enough to make me forgive dogma for its editorial sins . my religion is movies . when the catholic league beats on dogma for imaginary crimes against a doctrine , in a roundabout way they're attacking what i live for : freedom of expression through celluloid . i therefore feel that , although i'm no bible-thumper , i'm at least as qualified to criticize dogma as william donohue and his followers .
[31]	pos	pos	yes	( one level below knightdom ) , must take over the training himself . so , at the end of the movie , we end where the saga actually begins - with obi-wan kenobi and his young apprentice , anakin " darth vader " skywalker . did this story need to be told ? i would say no . but is it a worthwhile movie to see ? absolutely . if you don't NOT_enter NOT_the NOT_theater NOT_with NOT_jedi-size NOT_expectations , and you simply want to be treated to an enjoyable visual spectacle , then this is your movie . the tatooine pod races are a triumph of effects and computer animation . the digitalized backgrounds on some of the planets are an astonishing sight . and yoda and young obi-wan are worth seeing for their origins in a simpler , happier time . above all , this is a fun movie . not deep , not meaningful , and not profound . but fun . maybe next time , lucas will hire lawrence kasdan to co-write the script , and the guy who directed " empire " will direct . because if lucas does the next one himself , it will be lacking the one thing it needs the most - potential . : )
[32]	pos	pos	yes	determination to make this film as realistic as possible is very obvious here and also very appropriate . " in the heat of the night " shows the difference between the north and the south or a major city and a small town in the united states during the 1960's . it displays this perfectly . however , the actual investigation , although it is not the main focus of the film , lacks interest . it seemed rushed especially towards the end as if jewison had given his message about racism and did not feel like giving a credible explanation involving the murder victim . there were way too many characters added during the last fifteen minutes and some of the scenes during this time period were inane ( police officer sam being a suspect was not needed ) . also , it is given that tibbs is a vigilant homicide detective who is the best at what he does , but some of his discoveries came out of nowhere and how he found out some of the important case details towards the end were never answered . the rushed ending was the only mistake of this otherwise memorable jewison classic . ( a congratulations has to be given to actor scott wilson . he managed to be in the two best movies of 1967 , " in the heat of the night " and the even better " in cold blood . " )
[33]	pos	pos	yes	gags are like those in the great robert altman ( m * a * s * h , the long goodbye ) movies , where jokes exist as asides on the fringes , like jokes in life often do . the broader comedy such as the killing of a blind dog , and incessant smoking of marijuana isn't NOT_ineffective NOT_but NOT_not NOT_nearly NOT_as NOT_memorable NOT_as NOT_the NOT_little NOT_things . curtis hanson , who before his last film , la confidential , toiled about with exploitation fare like losin' it ( an early tom cruise sex comedy ) and the hand the rocks the cradle , has graduated to more meaningful films . he directs wonder boys in an appropriately dour style , the comedy coming from the false gloom his characters put up . the morose crooning of leonard cohen would seem an odd song for the background of any party , but in a wonder boys party , it fits . the film is like a piece of literature put up on the big screen . it's the cinematic equivalent to a good read , novelistic in its approach with themes rarely found in american movies . many will find it slight , but i found much to savor among its subtleties .
[34]	pos	pos	yes	you to get his " monkey " photo shoot out of your head after seeing this movie ( " you're a monkey , derek . . . a monkey ! " ) i also really liked the soundtrack and the pace of the film , both of which zipped and zagged , and established a nice rhythm to it all . again , it's to note that this movie is dumb and not for everyone , but my guess is that if you laughed at the trailer , you will likely enjoy many of the quips in the actual picture as well . if you thought the trailer was dumb , skip this dodo bird and go rent austin powers again or something , a film from which there is an obvious influence here . blue steel , baby . . . yeah ! ! ! where's joblo coming from ? austin powers ( 7/10 ) - austin powers 2 ( 7/10 ) - deuce bigalow ( 7/10 ) - dude , where's my car ( 7/10 ) - freddy got fingered ( 5/10 ) - jay & silent bob strike back ( 8/10 ) - joe dirt ( 5/10 ) - meet the parents ( 8/10 ) - say it isn't NOT_so ( 3/10 )
[35]	pos	pos	yes	naomi campbell , kate bush , and linda evangelista . on the technical side , a number of interesting choices were made in filming unzipped . a variety of film stocks were used : super 8 , 16 mm black-and-white , and 35 mm color . there is a purpose to this beyond simple artiness -- the stock often serves as an emotional key to the movie , and , during the climactic fashion show , color is used to show the audience's perspective , while black-and-white is for the behind-the- scenes sequences . nevertheless , some viewers will be put off by this treatment . while unzipped isn't NOT_an NOT_expose NOT_on NOT_the NOT_fashion NOT_industry NOT_per NOT_se , keeve has enough clips of petulant models to make the viewer realize how tame robert altman was with ready to wear . overall , however , this movie is far more about mizrahi than anything else , and only when viewed from that perspective does unzipped succeed . when the designer declares that " everything is frustrating except designing clothes -- that's beautiful and liberating , " it fits perfectly with the image of him that unzipped has constructed .
[36]	pos	pos	yes	another part of the world , so distant from my own . it does so entertainingly , and so heart-wrenchingly . and yet , it+s backdrop is merely that . the focus is on the minute transformation of dora , of how she learns to love this little kid , without being cloying or sentimental . the most interesting backdrop is the amount of religious dedication is in the film . dora being an amoral scam-artist , could care less about the amount of bickering between the candle-lighting of the catholics versus the bumper-sticker mentality of the evangelicals . but neither side is trivialized . she even begins to develop an affection for a non-drinking evangelical , who sees the problems with dora , if not initially . fernanda montenegro surprisingly got an oscar nomination for this very delicate performance , but the true marvel is that of vinicius de oliveira , who plays josu ? . he , like the discoveries of j ? r ? mie renier ( _la promesse_ ) and giorgio cantarini ( _life is beautiful_ ) , prove that the true acting discoveries may be outside of the united states . he is a natural , and never once grating . send a memo to jonathan taylor thomas .
[37]	pos	pos	yes	. when you see " a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away " , when the familiar music plays , when the words " star wars " appear on screen , you'll feel a tingle even if you didn't NOT_see NOT_the NOT_movie NOT_when NOT_it NOT_first NOT_came NOT_out NOT_in NOT_'77 . it feels oddly exciting to be introduced to young anakin , a boy whose innocence , we know , will be taken away and who will soon cross over to the dark side . it is the perfect example of dramatic irony to see the jedi masters aspire to get him trained in the jedi arts ; we know that it will do more harm than good , but they do not . we not only feel more involved in the story , but we feel like we're seeing the beginning of a saga that we have cherished for years . the phantom menace , although lacking in human aspects of the story , is a very worthy installment in the star wars . it works as an action flick , visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting ; it also works as an elicitor of memories , a piece of exquisite nostalgia . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
[38]	pos	pos	yes	: ewan mcgregor , whom i had never had the pleasure of watching , definitely charmed me . he was great ! cameron diaz's character was uneven and a bit hard to grasp . the audience may find it difficult to care about her , thus discouraging the hopes of seeing her unite with mcgregor after we are immediately sucked into caring about and identifying with him . misguided ? you bet . loveable ? you bet . a life less ordinary was a delight and even had a bonus for me when i realized it was filmed in my hometown of salt lake city , utah . this was just one more thing i didn't NOT_know NOT_about NOT_this NOT_movie NOT_when NOT_i NOT_sat NOT_down NOT_with NOT_a NOT_five NOT_dollar NOT_order NOT_of NOT_nachos NOT_and NOT_a NOT_three NOT_dollar NOT_coke . maybe not knowing the premise behind this film made for a pleasant surprise , but i think even if i had known , i would have been just as happy . a life less ordinary is quirky , eccentric , and downright charming ! not for everyone , but a definite change of pace for your typical night at the movies .
[39]	pos	pos	yes	at it all--except toward the end , but even then the tone quickly reverts to sweetness , ending on an appropriately feel-good note . there isn't NOT_much NOT_of NOT_an NOT_edge NOT_throughout NOT_that NOT_thing--the NOT_only NOT_thing NOT_that NOT_is NOT_remotely NOT_edgy NOT_is NOT_hanks's NOT_turn NOT_as NOT_the NOT_wonders' NOT_manager--and NOT_thus NOT_becomes NOT_in NOT_danger NOT_of NOT_being NOT_so NOT_nice NOT_it's NOT_bland . but a little niceness goes a long way these days , and there's no denying the entertainment value of that thing you do ! ; it's just about impossible to hate . it's an inoffensive , enjoyable piece of nostalgia that is sure to leave audiences smiling and humming , if not singing , " that thing you do ! " --quite possibly for days . to paraphrase a passage from the song : though i try and try to forget that song it is just so hard to do every time they play " that thing you do ! "
[40]	pos	neg	no	can spit slime out of his mouth and nice dialogue , and the movie as a whole is one fans will love , and it is a good stand alone viewing for nonfans to enjoy the series . so what is it ? simple : no plot . the master , on his last legs , sends for the doctor to rescue him after the daleks put him on trial on their planet skaro and exterminate him . the doctor attempts to take his remains back to gallifrey , but they accidentally land in san francisco , 1999 , december 31 , where the master , with young street hood chang lee's help , opens the eye of harmony , which will suck the earth through it at midnight if the doctor , with the help of female surgeon , dr . grace holloway , doesn't NOT_close NOT_it NOT_by NOT_then . virtually no plot . i was told the movie would've featured the daleks on screen and started with more of a courtroom drama between the master and the daleks , but a lot of rewriting went on on the set . that shows how smart people are , as it would have made the movie a hell of a lot more interesting , and that would've gotten a four star rating out of me .
[41]	pos	pos	yes	colonel finn is a man in complete denial . his military upbringing masking a desire he is too repulsed to even comprehend . wes bentley as ricky finn is fine as the enigma . the boy next door who may be more foe than friend . a deceitful and calculating young man , whose voyeuristic proclivities mask a deeper and more profound understanding of life than any of the adults around him . mr . bentley's performance is the one troublesome note in the film . that is simply because the character is such a grand and complete liar , that one almost faults the performance for it . director sam mendes handles all of the particulars of the cast and the settings with a sure and composed style that is neither intrusive nor subtle . scenes of carolyn walking through the rain , carry an ominous fission that calls attention to the emotions of the character . the subtle cinematography by conrad hall is wonderful , capturing the season in all of it's harsh beauty ( fall has never looked so inviting , yet depressing ) . every nuance of " american beauty " begs it's audience to think and examine . it is a film that will be discussed and debated for years to come . and well it should , as it is simply one of this years best .
[42]	pos	pos	yes	has thought about his life and made rational decisions about what he wants . sean , his girlfriend , his pals , and lambeau all help him grow , but he didn't NOT_start NOT_out NOT_asking NOT_for , or particularly needing , help . his exceptional gift singled him out , and those who love him kept pushing him in the right direction . if i had to say anything bad about good will hunting is that it walks the line between drama and melodrama . it's too sentimental and uplifiting for a straight drama , but the emotions are too subtle for melodrama . it is emotionally engaging , but it's not quite larger than life . this isn't NOT_a NOT_problem NOT_per NOT_se , but at times i didn't NOT_know NOT_quite NOT_how NOT_to NOT_take NOT_it . but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie . a good movie allows its characters to learn and grow . it doesn't NOT_just NOT_happen ; it takes a good script , good acting , and good direction . good will hunting has all three . if you are at all inclined to see it , by all means , go .
[43]	pos	pos	yes	strangeness . at one end is a soda shop owner-turned-painter named mr . johnson ( jeff daniels ) and at the other end is a close-minded mayor ( j . t . walsh ) and his chamber of commerce ; but the two sides are simply fronts for a clash of ideas that soon involves the entire town . fine performances are turned in all around . maguire and witherspoon are effective as the leads , but the true complements go out to jeff daniels and j . t . walsh ( in his latest and final posthumous performance ) . daniels brings an atmosphere of awe , inspiration , and hope to his character , whereas walsh simply drips of sinister closemindedness - almost to the point where you can sense gene hackman's envy . for daniels , it's his most commendable performance of the last three years - or more - and for walsh , it's a complementary exclamation point on a fine career . also of lesser note is the supporting role by joan allen , and in viewing the entire cast works well together from start to finish . there's not much to dislike about pleasantville , and its dynamic nature makes it the perfect movie for those who want serious as well as those who don't .
[44]	pos	neg	no	. jock's airplane at the beginning of the film has the registration number " ob-cpo " . this is a reference to obi-wan and c-3po from george lucas' star wars ( 9 . 5/10 ) . also , the hieroglyphics in the well of souls include engravings of r2-d2 and c-3po . they can be seen on a post to the right of indy and sallah as they remove the ark . the script originally included a long fight between a swordsman and indiana with his whip . as legend has it , actor harrison ford was suffering diarrhea at the time , and asked if the scene could be shortened . spielberg said the only way he could shorten it was if indy pulled out his gun and just shot the guy . the entire crew laughed and that's how it was filmed . when indy first falls in the well of souls and is face to face with the cobra , you can see the snake's reflection on the glass dividing it and harrison ford , also some fingerprints and stuff like that . when indy is dragging along the ground , hanging onto the nazi soldier's truck with the ark inside , you can see the pad that he's being dragged on .
[45]	pos	pos	yes	jamaica , where it holds the position as highest grossing film of all time ( bringing in $21 million in jamaica , which is roughly $500 , 000 us ) . palm pictures ( the company that released the offbeat , but entertaining six-string samurai ) is the company releasing the film and considering that their main focus is the dvd market , i can imagine that a disc will be available once the film has left theaters . chris blackwell , founder of palm pictures , was also involved in the production of another jamaican box-office smash in 1981 entitled countryman , so i'd say he has a pretty good track record . overall , third world cop is a pretty entertaining homage to the films of john woo , ringo lam , tsui hark , and many other action films by directors from hong kong . if action films are your thing and you don't NOT_mind NOT_intermittent NOT_subtitles , then you can't NOT_go NOT_wrong NOT_with NOT_this NOT_film . the performances and the story are solid ( if only a little cliched ) and the action is tight . i'm not sure what the other jamaican films released in that country are like , but apparently third world cop's honors are well deserved .
[46]	pos	neg	no	williams' original score has the sound and feel of holiday music without the disadvantage of being overplayed at the malls , and the christmas setting can put you in the mood for those family gatherings . but it does have its flaws . the smallest problem is that culkin doesn't NOT_act NOT_very NOT_well . as i said before , he is cute , but repeated viewings reveal more about how columbus covered himself than about culkin's insight into his character . the biggest problem is that during the cartoony coda , the villains threaten kevin's life about five times . instead of " i'm gonna get that kid " they say " i'm gonna kill that kid . " some might argue that the tone is the same , but i strongly disagree . mixing comedy with specific and viable threats of murder is a sociopathic faux-pas . i'll probably never see home alone 3 , and i wish i had skipped home alone 2 , but i do enjoy home alone almost every year . don't NOT_let NOT_your NOT_impressions NOT_of NOT_the NOT_others NOT_detract NOT_from NOT_the NOT_original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick .
[47]	pos	pos	yes	chaos of the time . while the comedy centered on goodman , and the drama on the teens , there was a great deal of overlap . several aspects of the panic are shown in a humorous light . one example is a scene where people are fighting each other for the the last cans and boxes of food in a grocery store . if you think about it the threat of nuclear annihilation seems hardly to be the backdrop for a comedy , but it works here . another reason i like this film is that i like b- science fiction movies . one of my favorite films to go watch is plan 9 from outer space . ( note i did not say it was one of my favorite movies , but one of my favorite to see . ) while mant ! never got made , many films like it were , and mant ! serves mostly as dante's homage to the b-films he loves . so again i would like to recommend matinee to anybody looking for a good , humorous story . this isn't NOT_a NOT_gag NOT_film NOT_like NOT_many NOT_other NOT_comedies NOT_but NOT_an NOT_intelligent , well-thought out , film about real people with real problems told in an often hilarious way . enjoy !
[48]	pos	pos	yes	hands against the unions . this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year : note how multi-dimensional his character is . he is his son+s last nemesis , as one who most likely interferes with his son+s dreams . but he truly loves his son , and wants to see him succeed the only way he knows how . through coal-mining . because of his character , we can see how far we+ve come . the revolution of modern technology has allowed for us to see society advanced at a rate far faster than any generation before us . we don+t understand that there were the generations from the industrial revolution who knew of no other way to raise a family . the paradigm was shifting under the father+s feet , and he knew of no other life . so _october sky_ , far from being merely a feel-good inspirational film , offers much food for thought . and this is the best type of inspirational film ; the one that you take something with you . btw , the final image of the film is just as simple , is as strong a contrast as the aforementioned horizontal-moving white dot against the night-sky background . another commonplace image , to be sure , but it must have been breathtaking forty years ago .
[49]	pos	pos	yes	actually we live inside a computer generated world known as the matrix . a man played by keanu reeves is about to find that out , when is kidnapped and almost coaxed to go into the real world . he does so , and finds out that he can do anything , be anything he wants to be . but he has to fight a 'matrix skipping' bad guy , who wants to send him back to his own world or destroy him . laurence fishburne , his guide of sorts plays his character well as does keanu reeves . but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were . yeah there were some in the first half but not enough . the trailer for this movie was really decieving making people think that this was a special effects laden movie . now for the second half , it is explosive , and saves the movie . some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking . the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained . but with a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes , this movie is at least 40 minutes too long . one would have wished for a better 'matrix' , but i do have to say , i did like it and i was entertained .
[50]	pos	neg	no	, and boon is the comedian . he's got a steady-date , katy ( karen allen ) , but she's sick of playing second-fiddle to a bottle of j . d . then there are the others : pinto , a wimp ; flounder , a blimp ; d . day , a biker ; stork , who may or may not have brain-damage ; and last but not least . . . bluto ! bluto , played by the late , great john belushi , is the man . he's the kind of guy who slugs back entire fifths of whiskey then proclaim , " i needed that . " the kind of guy who puts a cream-filled snowball into his mouth , puffs up his cheeks and spits it out , and then says " i'm a zit -- get it ? " the story is as follows : the omegas are getting the deltas kicked off campus . the deltas , knowing that fighting the omegas is stupid , decide to go out with style , throwing a wild toga party and ruining the homecoming parade . this is the fucnniest movie int he history of the world . do yourself a favor and go see it .
[51]	pos	pos	yes	enterprise its plot synopsis suggests , but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords affleck and damon's intelligent script touches . even though no one ( and , if so , _very_ few people ) can directly relate to will's burden of superhuman intelligence , the insecurities he suffers are universal . the material is brought to life by the terrific ensemble of actors . williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up-and-coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will's best friend ; and the ever-appealing minnie driver shines as will's harvard-schooled love interest . the clear standout in the cast , though , is damon , who bravely does not soften will's prickly nature but has such a natural ease with the audience that it is hard _not_ to care for him . so many names come and go with the fluctuations of the hollywood hype machine , but based on his impressive work in john grisham's the rainmaker and especially good will hunting , it is a safe bet that matt damon is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come .
[52]	pos	pos	yes	an instant film noir classic , " memento " is virtually flawless . the script is unlike any i have ever seen -- a notable achievement in these days of recycled hollywood homogeneity . although the idea of starting at the " conclusion " of the plotline and then moving backward in time to the " start " is not entirely new , never before have i witnessed it executed with such flair and coherence . " memento " is endlessly exciting and inventive , a rare story which keeps the viewers guessing during the film itself , and mulling over its connotations long after leaving the theatre . and it is not merely an exercise in cerebrality ; there is plenty of action and an unexpected dose of humour to keep the proceedings lively . nolan's direction is equally effective , never losing its crispness and clarity despite " memento " 's challenging gimmick . and to top everything off , all the performances rise to the occasion . pierce is terrific as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet sinister quality . " memento " may be the year's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 .
[53]	pos	pos	yes	unexceptional movie . it does not reinvent the wheel , following instead the standard pattern of historical dramas . but deepa mehta's directon is assured , and the issues she addresses run deep . earth does for india what movies like zhang yimou's to live and tian zhuangzhuang's the blue kite did for china : they show us the agonies endured by unremarkable people who had the bad luck to be caught up and smashed in the crucible of history . such films strike me as inherently valuable , even when flawed . they may be biased or inaccurate , but they bear the weight of human hardship , and this confers on them a nobility and gravity which other , more inventive films , often lack . it is notable that all three movies were banned in their native countries : the events shown may have happened decades ago , but they still touch a nerve . the issues tackled in earth have a particular urgency in light of the nuclear test bombings that took place last year . in the near future , india and pakistan may launch nuclear missiles at each other . at the time of the tests i had some understanding of the reasons why this might happen ; after seeing earth , i have a much , much better understanding .
[54]	pos	pos	yes	used in every comedy from " who's the boss ? " to speechless . it works in this case , unlike " who's the boss ? " although it's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also . complicating matters somewhat are the mobsters who have backed hackman's other films and want in on this one too , along with travolta's mob boss trying to track him down for defecting . get shorty is by no means on the same level as pulp fiction , despite the obvious similarities . this movie doesn't NOT_have NOT_near NOT_the NOT_amount NOT_of NOT_originality NOT_or NOT_depth NOT_as NOT_pulp NOT_fiction NOT_but NOT_it NOT_is NOT_definitely NOT_one NOT_of NOT_the NOT_most NOT_entertaining NOT_movies NOT_i've NOT_seen NOT_this NOT_year ( yes , even better than halloween vi ) . get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence . i'm definitely going to have to check out the novel it was based on . are you getting this , shorty ?
[55]	pos	pos	yes	after he does so , he is abducted and tortured by a sinister man who refers to himself as dr . jonas ( patrick stewart ) . after barely escaping alive , jerry is forced to turn to the only person he can trust : alice sutton . the remainder of the film is almost always fast-paced and full of action and suspense , with jerry's life being constantly put into jeopardy . and more along the way , the audience ( and alice ) learn more and more about jerry's life . many things are explained throughout this film , both to the characters and to the audience . for instance , the meaning of the book " the catcher in the rye " and its ties to assassins , the reason lone gunmen have three names ( e . g . lee harvey oswald and james earl ray ) , and the real truth behind the grateful dead . make sure listen closely throughout the film , as jerry is constantly throwing out interesting tidbits such as the above . definitely , when conspiracy theory hits theaters august 8th , make sure you are standing in line to see it . i am nearly positive everyone should enjoy this film , especially if you are into an action-thriller with witty dialogue and numerous suspenseful situations . and even if you aren't , you should still like this film .
[56]	pos	pos	yes	about an hour everything comes together and the formula , like it or not , clicks . highlights include a spectacular cavalry charge on a snow-covered pass ( which , due to the sophistication of today's computer-generated imagery , is hard to tell from the real thing ) , a memorable , show-stopping musical interlude ( " i'll make a man out of you , " penned by matthew wilder and david zippel ) , and last but not least , mulan herself . voiced by ming-na wen , mulan is disney's strongest female character to date . when hordes of huns pour over china's great wall and threaten to overthrow the imperial palace , the emperor decrees that every family in the land dispatch one man to serve in the imperial army . since mulan's father is infirm , but proud , the high-spirited mulan steals her father's armor and , incognito , signs up to face the mongolian menace . attracted to , but not distracted by , her commanding officer shang ( b . d . wong ) , mulan outmatches her fellow combatants in smarts , wit , and physical ability . she's a woman of the '90s a couple of millennia ahead of her time .
[57]	pos	pos	yes	i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than thrilling twister . twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with . but twister had amazing effects and i was hoping so would volcano volcano starts with tommy lee jones at emo . he worrys about a small earthquake enough to leave his daughter at home with a baby sitter . there is one small quake then another quake . then a geologist points out to tommy that its takes a geologic event to heat millions of gallons of water in 12 hours . a few hours later large amount of ash start to fall . then . . . . it starts . the volcanic eruption . . . . i liked this movie . . . but it was not as great as i hoped . i was still good none the less . it had excellent special effects . the best view . . . the helecopters flying over the streets of volcanos . also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting . so . . . it was good ! !
[58]	pos	pos	yes	a largely unremarkable soundtrack . ( none of the alan menken/david zippel tunes are particular- ly noteworthy . some lack lyrical snap . others need more memorable melodies . boring ballads we expect , but boring production numbers , too ? ) so , hercules is a bit of a long sit , but you won't NOT_stay NOT_bored . the highlights include a nifty round of animated action ( herc battling a cgi hydra ) , a steady stream of anachronisms ( " somebody call ix-i-i " ) and pop references ( " let's get ready to rumble ! " ) a la aladdin , and several long-overdue jabs at the mouse's marketing and merchandising depart- ments . while not as rock-solid as hunchback , it's a still a new world of improvement over pocohontas . directed by ron clements and john musker , with voice credits including tate donovan , susan egan , bob goldthwait , matt frewer , samantha eggar , paul shaffer , and , as lighting bolt zeus , rip torn , who's having a very good summer , also appearing in trial and error and men in black .
[59]	pos	pos	yes	came in the portrayal of lord farquaad . beyond all the irreverence , " shrek " actually has a message : people should learn to look beyond physical appearances , because true beauty lies within . it's a lovely notion , but the film betrays its own moral by incessantly taking cheap shots at farquaad's diminutive stature . do we really need a family film reinforcing the idea that mocking short people is acceptable ? the pompous , selfish behavior of farquaad is enough to make him a target for zingers . adding short jokes is simply mean . still , " shrek " is a rollicking good time . the computer animation is mostly impressive ( although several key characters look like animated rubber squeeze toys and the human movements are often jerky ) , the voice work is strong ( particularly from eddie murphy ) , the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages . parents , though , should remind their young ones during the ride home that taunting others because they are short , tall , skinny , fat , etc . is a bad thing .
[60]	pos	pos	yes	brief moment , she too enjoys the normalcy . then she falls over , dead . for a moment , the family is stunned , but then the father yells at the children , " keep eating ! this is the last meal your mother ever made ! " crying as they do so , the family finishes the meal . the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful . by including the vignettes , itami ran the risk of creating a disjointed film , but surprisingly , they do not interrupt the pacing of the main storyline . instead , they even help contribute to the idea that tampopo's goal of being able to serve exceptional food is worthy and even noble . because the film parodies a western , the construction of the plot is fairly predictable , but is still enjoyable as we watch the familiar way in which the " good guys " come together for the final showdown . in this case , the showdown is against the ramen . if they eat tampopo's ramen , soup and all , tampopo knows she has succeeded . it's pretty obvious what the outcome will be , but when a film changes your whole perspective on something you consume every day of your life , you can afford to cut it a little slack .
[61]	pos	pos	yes	the special edition , even more ships are added , making the final space battle incredibly fun to watch . the acting in return of the jedi is stronger than in the previous films . by now ( or then - 1983 ) , mark hamill , harrison ford , and carrie fisher have all matured in their on-screen personas . the chemistry amongst the trio is terrific . as in empire , billy dee williams gives us another human hero to root for . newcomer ian mcdiarmid plays the emperor as a suitably creepy , cunning , and evil creature , although he's not as imposing as vader was in star wars . although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . ,
[62]	pos	pos	yes	clever . the film even takes some jabs at america's nuclear paranoia during the early stages of the cold war , satirizing the lame safety films shown to grade school students that tell them to " duck and cover " in the event of a nuclear attack . " the iron giant " has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing . instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well-timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with . when you get right down to it , " the iron giant " is no more than the story of a boy and his robot . the story is so straightforward , so quaint , that it ultimately becomes charming . though i enjoy the complex plotting of film noir as much as the next person , when it comes to family entertainment , simple is the way to go . it's akin to one of those bedtime stories your father told that had you hanging on his every word , but it's not the story that sets the film above others of its kind , but rather the elements that go into the story , namely real characters and thoughtful dialogue , which " the iron giant " has in spades .
[63]	pos	pos	yes	his sexual preferences . even his ex-wife ( alexandra vandernoot ) and indifferent teenage son ( stanislas crevillen ) drop their disdain . but not everyone is enchanted . a mucho macho co-worker felix ( gerard depardieu ) , a self-righteous homophobe , is stunned and repulsed when he's forced by the pr director ( thierry lhermite ) to grovel and court pignon's friendship or risk losing his own job . writer/director francis verber artfully milks the farcical comedy as he dissects the hypocrisy of political correctness , veering off-track only occasionally into pedophilia . daniel auteuil ( " the widow of saint-pierre " ) is delightful - particularly with a blown-up condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the closet " is a frankly sexual , adult 8 . it's so clever , in fact , that hollywood is already planning to re-make it in english , like " la cage aux folles . "
[64]	pos	pos	yes	with an obvious problem , as he still had scenes to be completed . rather than recast the role ( and end up reshooting a great deal of footage ) , a digital version of oliver reed was created at a reported cost of 2 million dollars . ironically , that was probably more money than reed ever earned for a single film . anyway , this digital effect is only used in one scene that i am aware of ( for about twenty seconds ) and if you aren't NOT_looking NOT_for NOT_it NOT_you NOT_won't NOT_even NOT_be NOT_able NOT_to NOT_tell . some of the other digital effects are less convincing however . . . and like i always say , noticable digital effects take me out of a movie immediately . it's sad that such a good film has these distractions . movies like the fall of the roman empire and spartacus seemed to do okay without the use of computer effects . keep in mind that gladiator is based on real people and real events , but is entirely a work of fiction . however it's a work of fiction that's great entertainment , and another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . d .
[65]	pos	pos	yes	. whatever his purposes is subject to debate , but also a sure sign that this is one of the great three-dimensional characters , stranded amidst = a terrifyingly risky concept . surprisingly , it works . it is an important footnote that this film was not intended to be an accurate reflection of the holocaust . it+s not that the atrocities are trivialized , far from it . they don+t have to be broadcast and explicitly shown to muster the same horror--less is more . i believe = that benigni was cautious to preserve the tone , and i like the theory that = it is guido+s alternate reality that we+re seeing . however , any criticism that this is rewriting history , that the holocaust wasn+t as bad as it seems , is simply off-target . benigni+s film has won audience awards at cannes , at toronto , and is a definite shoo-in for best foreign language film ( hopefully for best picture as well ) . he has been made an honorary jew by a jerusalem film society . it swept the italian academy awards . controversy notwithstanding , it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . masterful . miraculous . a must-see .
[66]	pos	pos	yes	the snobbish estella . what will happen to all of finn's " great expectations ? " opinion : if you're looking for a romance with a happy ending , look no further ; you've found one here . ethan hawke is romantic lead . ( he romanced winona ryder in reality bites . he romanced julie delpy in before sunrise . he romanced uma thurman in gattaca . now in great expectations he gets to chase gwyneth paltrow , a rail-thin blonde . ) hawke plays a lovestruck , earnest and unchanged finn throughout the film . meanwhile paltrow portrays estella as alternating between infuriating tease and ice princess ; estella's whole purpose is to get men to fall in love and then hurt them rather than become intimate . anne bancroft goes a little overboard as the deranged and pessimistic ms . dinsmoor , while robert de niro carries off the convict part suitably . the difference between the classic dickens novel and this 1998 adaptation is that the dickens novel is ripe with deep and timeless themes about class struggle and love , whereas great expectations ( 1998 ) is more artsy , less complicated story about a 1990s artist dealing with a lifetime tease .
[67]	pos	pos	yes	looking at the situation through the eyes of an eight-year-old . that's right : willis , for the first time in years , gives up the spotlight to his costar . we appreciate malcolm's domestic dilemma , but we identify with cole , recalling our fears of the bogeyman or the closet monster or the thing under the bed . both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest . willis convinces us that he's a doctor , something he was unable to do as a horndog shrink in the overheated color of night . osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do . the sixth sense ( atmospherically shot by the silence of the lambs' cinematographer , tak fujimoto ) is actually a drama-its spooky , effective ad campaign is misleading . only because i was expecting something different did i notice-rather , feel-the movie's running time , which is just shy of two hours . the story unfurls slowly but engrossingly ; its unexpected finish is definitely worth the wait . i'm not sure said big twist ending is bulletproof , but i admired its audacity .
[68]	pos	pos	yes	just thought that was an interesting little side note . . . probably the only way you will get to see this fine film is by purchasing a copy of arrow entertainment's digitally restored cut , now available in stores . however , this version is quite different than maunau's original masterpiece . the movie is now sporting a new soundtrack by band type o-negative and color tinting , much like the 1984 version of lang's metropolis . now , i really appreciate what arrow entertainment is trying to do here , bringing a classic like this to the attention of a wider audience that might have otherwise just skipped this one . but alas , i like watching movies the way they were originally intended to be seen . but that's just my bag ; you may like the newer , more " modern " version better . either way , i suggest investing your money in a copy . if you like what they have done with it , pop it in the vcr and enjoy . if you're like me , just do what i'll do during future viewings ; turn the color all the way down on your television , hit mute , turn on some bach or mozart or whatever , dim the lights and prepare to view what is truly one of the greatest films ever made .
[69]	pos	pos	yes	marco leonardi ( of cinema paradiso , and possibly the most gorgeous looking man in italy ) does okay as anna's work colleague and increasingly confused love interest . but perhaps the stendhal syndrome's single most striking element is ennio morricone's soundtrack . active since the 1960's , morricone has scored over 100 films in his career and this must rate as one of his finest efforts . it's mostly a variation on the one theme : a slow circular melody for strings and wordless female vocal possessed with an extraordinary , haunting beauty that lingers long afterwards . it's been three decades since argento and morricone worked together . this is a long welcome reunion . if the film has a fault , it is that the last half hour drags a little and the film doesn't NOT_quite NOT_reach NOT_a NOT_completely NOT_satisfying NOT_climax . but by the closing scenes , the stendhal syndrome has already offered us enough to qualify as one of the very best films of dario argento's career . * note : see the uncut print from japanese laserdisc if you can . dubs of this version are available from various video dealers on the world wide web .
[70]	pos	pos	yes	his fantasy world of cowboys and indians , the lone ranger , and other comicbook characters . squealing like a stuck pig , francie does " the likes o' that " on the nugent's living room floor , and is himself whisked away to a very catholic remand home for " boney arsed bogmen , " where his ever fertile imagination--and clever chicanery--runneth over . director jordan's vivid treatment of pat mccabe's nightmare novel produces a sometimes disturbing , dark comedy littered with surreal touches ( such as sin ? ad o'connor playing the virgin mary ) . it's not as outlandish as the trailers make out ; instead , this remarkable film focuses on the effects external influences have on the friendship between two boys ( schoolboy chums in real life ) , allowing us to empathize with their plight in the presence of extraordinary behavior . it's bleak and it's black but it's fundamentally very funny . rea talks us through it , beautifully , and owens drags us though it , admirably , and , in tandem with jordan's sure hand , theirs are contributions to make " the butcher boy " a film worth savoring .
[71]	pos	pos	yes	was a clump of people near me in the theater laughing uproariously through this film , and the rest of the theater was relatively silent through most of it . i have a feeling the humor here won't NOT_appeal NOT_to NOT_everyone , but there's certainly enough story and character development to keep anyone's interest . jake kasdan , son of writer/director lawrence kasdan , is only 22 years old . i found this out after seeing the film , and i can't NOT_remember NOT_ever NOT_being NOT_so NOT_impressed NOT_with NOT_a NOT_film NOT_maker . his direction is stylish without being pretentious , and his writing is mature , full , and developed . zero effect is the kind of film that i'll buy for my collection -- smart , original films like this are rare as it is , but this one actually has a heart and a soul . at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and i was satisfied with the outcome . and , with kasdan's undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future .
[72]	pos	neg	no	as jules in pulp fiction . as good as he is , the one who should benefit the most from this project is davis , who shows much promise as an action heroine . what makes her so effective and why she should succeed where streep and lee failed is that she doesn't NOT_take NOT_herself NOT_too NOT_seriously . she is obviously in on the joke , slyly taking jabs at herself and at the situation . this is not to say that she doesn't NOT_need NOT_work--sometimes NOT_she NOT_lays NOT_on NOT_the " toughness " a bit too thick and comes off too much as a caricature . but should the public embrace the film and , in turn , the notion of a kick-ass female , davis could have found her special niche . it seems as if davis and harlin's first collaboration , the middling pirate epic cutthroat island , was just a dress rehearsal ( albeit a very costly one ) for long kiss , in which the wife-husband team hit their action stride . anyone simply looking for a fun , escapist entertainment that requires little-to-no thinking will find this film to be a more-than-welcome kiss .
[73]	pos	pos	yes	characters . the two actors , however , carry the movie well enough , but the supporting cast is what makes this movie shine . veteran actors such as jeffrey jones and michael gough ( who played the butler alfred in all four recent batman flicks ) are terrific as the aging townsfolk involved in the conspiracy which depp uncovers . while i do not wish to reveal crucial plot points , i can say that the storyline becomes quite confusing . you have to pay attention . andrew kevin walker wrote the screenplay . he's the one who also wrote 8 mm and seven . walker is quickly becoming one of the premiere suspense writers in hollywood , and sleepy hollow certainly doesn't NOT_hurt NOT_his NOT_growing NOT_reputation . as one might imagine from a gentleman like walker , sleepy hollow is quite graphic . there's a lot of blood and a lot of beheadings . this is definately not a flick to take the young kids to . a lady in front of us took her two young sons to see it and spent about 25 - 30 minutes covering the youngest's eyes with her hand . he was obviously upset by the movie's intense violence . if you're looking for a good scare , however , sleepy hollow is definately recommended .
[74]	pos	pos	yes	out there ( even the dubbed ones aren't NOT_really NOT__too_ NOT_bad . . . if nothing else , you can enjoy the martial arts choreography while making fun of the dialogue ) . i particularly recommend " spiritual kung fu " , " half a loaf of kung fu " , the " fearless hyena " movies , and " snake & crane arts of shaolin " . also , the mostly-unrelated-storywise sequel , " drunken master ii " , will hit theaters in american release sometime later this year ( though what its american-release title will be is still uncertain ) and comes _highly_ recommended by this reviewer . also , for a rather different interpretation of the character wong fei-hong ( who is in fact a popular figure from chinese folklore ) , i've been told to suggest the " once upon a time in china " series starring jet li ( though i haven't NOT_personally NOT_seen NOT_any NOT_of NOT_them NOT_yet ) . if you choose to watch " drunken master " , i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema that's out there . all in all , i give this film an .
[75]	pos	pos	yes	tunnel connecting new york and new jersey has both sides collapses when a group of robbers collide with a truck carrying * very * flammable toxic waste . a dozen or so people survive the collapses and the incinerating fireball ( and what a fire ball it was ! ) stallone , a former emergency medical service man , is chauffeuring a rich couple around , when they reach the outside of the tunnel , before the explosion . then , 30 minutes into the movie , boom ! >from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged . most all the action is plausible and will hold you at the edge of your seat . there are a few melodramatic parts here , but , they tend to work out well . there is no general antagonist in this film , but the action and suspense makes you forget all about that . daylight is a great film , i saw a non-matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny . the characterizations are mostly flat , one dimesional , but they have enough in them to get you to care for some of the characters . rob cohen ( dragonheart ) does a great job with this film .
[76]	pos	neg	no	supporting turn as frank's best friend and future colleague of john . he has a lovely scene in a diner in which he tries to explain the situation to julia while frank's world series predictions come true before his very eyes . braugher strikes the perfect facial expression here , simultaneously dismayed and amused . perhaps the only thing i didn't NOT_like NOT_about " frequency " is the overly sentimental coda , during which the camera's focus goes a little too soft and the baseball theme gets carried overboard . but that's only because the film had already earned a poignancy without resorting to cheap tactics . i freely acknowledge that " frequency " may best work as a " guy " movie , since it focuses on the very male-oriented idea of father-son relationships ( echoes of " field of dreams " can be easily heard ) , but the underlying concept is universally applicable . who wouldn't NOT_want NOT_to NOT_speak NOT_with NOT_a NOT_long-dead NOT_parent ? or see how their children turn out ? " tell me about your life , son " -- excuse me while i mist up . and don't NOT_call NOT_me NOT_a NOT_sissy .
[77]	pos	pos	yes	that this doesn't NOT_transpire . admittedly , blade is style over substance through and through . the story is a relatively forgettable one , but it is fun none the less . the acting in blade is just about what you would expect from a movie of this type . this isn't NOT_a NOT_film NOT_that NOT_is NOT_going NOT_to NOT_win NOT_accolades NOT_for NOT_its NOT_performances , and the actors know this . the movie is played for fun and nobody seems to think otherwise . it's a popcorn movie , and no one involved has any illusions otherwise . blade's production values are as slick as any that you will find in your typical summer blockbuster . the combat sequences between blade and his vampire targets are incredibly well done . although , the mtv-style cuts did get on my nerves after a while during long sequences . blade is a fun movie with an interesting take on the vampire genre . this is not the movie for those of you who like your vampires in tuxedos and living in coffins in the basement of some gothic castle . what blade excels at is bringing the classic lore of the vampire into the next century with a fresh outlook on life . very cool .
[78]	pos	pos	yes	is used to great effect during the film . peter weir keeps the film going , clearly having fun . the film is far more upbeat than his previous films dead poets society and green card . although it is slightly slow to begin with , about half an hour into film the pace really picks up , and when christoff is introduced fully the film is on a roll . sadly , though , the film is practically over when the film is in full steam . also , concerning the ending , it is slightly too ambiguous , which was disappointing . the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim . while christoff's plans to keep truman in do get increasingly silly , they never go over the line , which would have been easy for niccol to do . also , there's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show . overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment . certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone . it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly not come out disappointed . overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes
[79]	pos	pos	yes	the francie's overall wink-wink yet matter-of-fact attitude about everything , expressed in a cheeky voiceover narration delivered by the adult francie ( rea again ) . think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs , and you'll sort of understand . anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you cannot take your eyes off of owens . the butcher boy truly is a twisted , unusual film that is bound to make just about anyone uncomfortable . in the lobby after the screening , i overheard one man raving about how great yet disturbing it was ; i also heard one particularly offended woman say with disgust , " that movie was so unfunny ! " " i didn't NOT_know NOT_what NOT_to NOT_expect . it's like something you chase for so long , but then you don't NOT_know NOT_how NOT_to NOT_react NOT_when NOT_you NOT_get NOT_it . i still don't NOT_know NOT_how NOT_to NOT_react . " --michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . . . or , my thoughts after meeting him on november 21 , 1997
[80]	pos	pos	yes	approach , will kill anyone just to make a point , and develops enormous disdain for the two detectives . there are terrific car chases , explosions and gunshot galore . it's a summer action recipe followed to the letter , and the result is nothing less than pure , unadulterated summer fun . but even too many explosions can get boring . to counter that , we are treated to several amazingly choreographed fight sequences with jet li . luckily , he'd rather fight hand-to-hand instead of firing off guns . meanwhile , when the detectives aren't NOT_reloading NOT_their NOT_guns NOT_or NOT_running NOT_from NOT_fireballs , they're engaged in sophomoric banter and silly conversations that provide a nice diversion from the hail of bullets . everybody gets in on the shtick . russo screams during her delivery , the crime lord has a few funny bits when he's being interrogated while being given laughing gas , and pesci and rock are very funny as they go at it discussing the drawbacks of having cellular phones . gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano . score one for the old guard .
[81]	pos	pos	yes	need . her role is instantly likeable . chris cooper ( the horse whisperer ) , as homer's father , is less likeable -- even downright despicable at times -- but his turn here gives gravity to the movie . he's definitely a driving force in homer's life , and his more humane moments give the piece a certain dynamic that is commendable . the script is generally cheerful , projecting the boys' endeavors in a lighthearted manner . there are moments when it becomes predictable -- such as the train tracks scene -- and there are moments when it sacrifices orginality for the need to come up with an emotional plot twist . it highlights the essence of youth , however , and for its exceptional job at this it can be forgiven other missteps . october sky should be a success with audiences . although it doesn't NOT_have NOT_the NOT_appeal NOT_of NOT_current NOT_teen NOT_flicks NOT_like NOT_varsity NOT_blues NOT_or NOT_she's NOT_all NOT_that , it certainly holds an undeniable quality that older crowds will lean towards . it's a welcome change to the dramatic genre , and one that everyone should see .
[82]	pos	neg	no	to have lost interest in the whole thing . there's a few early crashes , and then one huge pile-up , but after that it all stops . it's just the music . one of my problems with the first is that cab calloway's song is so good the actually blues brothers look dull after him , but there's no problems with this . the music is all as good as ever , tons of great musicians showing up -- with the exception of johnny lang , who can't NOT_sing , all the musicians do a great job . the only real problems i had was the special effects . these were superfluous and a waste of money . since the film isn't NOT_doing NOT_very NOT_well , they could mean we have no possibility of another sequel , which i want to see . the bluegrass version of riders in the sky is even better than rawhide . -- http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/academy/8034/ remove no spam to reply . " drive carefully but recklessly " , mama , child's toy " the only excercise i take is walking behind the coffins of friends who took exercise . " peter o'toole
[83]	pos	pos	yes	up having nowhere to develop . the entire climax of the film hinges on when and how grace is going to tell bob that she actually was the recipient of his wife's heart . we already know that there's going to be a happy ending ; we feel like we spend the entire film , however enjoyably , in a straight line going towards that point . as a result bob and grace click almost too quickly--yes , i know she's supposed to have his ex-wife's heart and everything--it seems too effortless . the main subject is a love story , and the family scenes i love so much unfortunately are overused and distract from the turmoil of the two main characters ( whose story might not have that much meat after all ) . however , in the spirit of " return to me , " it won't NOT_do NOT_to NOT_be NOT_too NOT_picky NOT_about NOT_how " old " hollywood tells its stories . i loved knowing that this was a labor of love for bonnie hunt . it shows . the bottom line : " return to me " is nothing remarkable , and yet its sweetness , sincerity , and charm might touch your heart in ways that you hadn't NOT_imagined .
[84]	pos	pos	yes	the entire film . in the beginning , kelly looks to be a paper thin character , but richards adds a little more spice and ultimately makes the character not only sexy , but dominating as well . kevin bacon gives one of his fair performances as ray duquette . this character looks to be one of the most boring , predictable in the film . however , it is a relationship revealed between him and suzie that adds depth to his story . still , the film doesn't NOT_seem NOT_to NOT_gain NOT_much NOT_from NOT_bacon's NOT_performance , only his name . in the supporting cast , theresa russell plays the much oversexed sandra van ryan , daphne rubin-vega gives an unappealing performance as cop gloria perez , and bill murray shines as sam's lawyer , ken bowden . hats off to murray for adding the perfect touch of comedy to the film . although wild things was displayed by the press as being an erotic thriller , the eroticism , which is portrayed with good taste , is kept to a minimum and focuses more on the plot and the relationships between the characters . this is truly a very good film worth seeing if your looking for a movie with a thick plot filled with it's share of twists .
[85]	pos	pos	yes	, who until now has only directed music videos and commercials , has done an incredible job here . his direction is excellent and makes this film come to life in ways no " alien " film has before . for mr . fincher , i see a long prosperous career ahead of him . the music was also done by a newcomer to the film industry . elliot goldenthal has created a deeply moving score which lends itself to the claustrophobic setting that the " alien " series been set in . this time the score is not so much a rip off of star trek ii ( james horner's aliens ) . this score has a choral back up at times and even lends itself to the old style of ennio morricone scoring . this is a great score . the ending to alien 3 is quite good . there were times i thought that hollywood would come in and screw it up , but it played very nicely . i will not ruin the ending for you . go see the film . i consider it to be a much more involved film than any of the other films released so far this season . alien 3 is a worthy successor to aliens and alien . and when they make alien 4 , perhaps they will be able to find yet another new direction to take it in .
[86]	pos	pos	yes	through the denis leary-sandra bullock disaster two if by sea . woody harrelson continues to prove that he is one of the finest , most versatile actors of his generation . harrelson plays the cocky celebrity reporter with a heart of gold by allowing the character's caring nature and vulnerability shine through . harrelson is equally adept at taking on roles as zany leading men ( cheers , white men can't NOT_jump ) as well as excellent supporting roles such as this one . this ability will serve him well and give him a long , successful career . america's involvement in this struggle comes seven years after the events of the movie take place . for those who do not have a full understanding of the history of the conflict , the entire movie , most importantly the opening scenes , provide a history lesson . war is a foreign concept to most of us in america . battles are fought thousands of miles away among people we have no attachment to . televised images of the gulf war are all the experience most of us have with war . this picture brings it right into your living room and makes you think outside of our own small world , something we don't NOT_do NOT_enough NOT_of NOT_in NOT_90's NOT_america .
[87]	pos	pos	yes	beautiful . besides the near ending , the only other criticism of the movie which i have is that the movie is almost too cerebral . i almost left with the sense little happened because almost all the changes which occur in the movie happen in deep in their psyches and little in their personalities or the situations which they end as part of . the one question which i am left with is while they have accepted their lot , has their attitude towards love changed ? i have several possibilities which i believe the movie hints at , but i am unsure of which the director is espousing . in summary , this movie is solely about the character growth of two characters who almost develop a relationship . in the process , we see their attitude towards life and other people . in itself , i do not believe un coeur is a complicated movie . where it does become complicated is when we juxtapose the scenes of the movie into the greater walk of life where we , as americans , have preconceived american notions of relationship , love , and people . i do wonder how the movie translates when viewed within its native french culture . however , i , bringing my american preconceptions , enjoyed the film . i would welcome any comments about this movie from any who have seen it .
[88]	pos	pos	yes	enter into an agreement to rob an armored car . henry needs this heist because he is unable to retrieve his original stash . meanwhile , this is carol's ticket to a better life . wayne is uncomfortable with the situation , but helps out nonetheless . however , his lack of commitment threatens their success . the heist sequence is suspenseful , well paced , and casts the uneasy feeling that something will horribly go wrong . `where the money is' does more to spotlight newman and fiorentino than it does to showcase a story about a nifty heist . newman is the real joy of the film , adroitly showing that at age 75 , he's still really hot stuff . he possesses a sly smile , displays a dominating attitude , and a projects a demeanor that is undeniably attractive . fiorentino is also a fun presence . you root for her despite her sense of amorality . sure , she wants to commit robbery and has little compunction about pushing a wheelchair-stricken man into a lake , but we can see that to escape her dead-end world , she needs to do something drastic . with two charismatic characters such as these , it's hard to ignore that `where the money is' is where the fun is .
[89]	pos	neg	no	a suspicious police captain . with a cast like that , it's almost worth watching twilight just to stargaze . luckily , there's more to the film than some sort of actor's recognition ceremony . twilight has a solid film noir-ish plot . it may not have as many twists and turns as some of the classics , but it has much more than a lot of what passes for film these days . the major cast members all deliver strong performances , as can be expected of their caliber . however , none of them have that little extra oomph which would make them memorable . the supporting cast is enjoyable , if a little underdrawn . stockard channing's character , in particular , is a cipher . there's more to her character than the film takes the time to describe . it's a minor , but irritating , flaw . with a solid cast , and a good plot , there's a lot to recommend about twilight . it's biggest flaw is actually its short running time . at a slim 94 minutes , there's a lot of stuff that's packed into an awfully small package . still , the chance to see newman , sarandon and hackman working together is worth a cramp or two .
[90]	pos	pos	yes	and the drug runners ; and lots of shit-kicking texas dirt farmers who'd as soon shoot you between the eyes as look at you . in particular , we got nick nolte as one hard-ass texas ranger , powers boothe as the drug kingpin , michael ironsides as the leader of the secret army , and rip torn as the local sheriff . torn is the sympathetic figure of the group ; he smiles before shooting anyone . as to women . . . well , i've never seen jane fonda or meryl streep in a walter hill film , and at this rate , i doubt i ever will . women exist here to look good , comfort the man , and get argued over . gosh ! just like the old days . . . frankly , this is a pretty good movie , if you can accept the premise and can take the macho stuff . the cinematography is excellent , the cast of characters is broad and has texture , the script is quite good , and the film lets you keep up with what's happening yourself , without spelling it out to you . i appreciate a film that makes me have to think to keep up . finally , there's lots of sam peckinpah slow-motion shoot-ups .
[91]	pos	neg	no	of a mysterious , disfigured , dying stranger . even this information is imparted so quickly and in such cursory fashion , however , that it verges on the comical . with so many characters enjoying so little screen time , the film's 160 minutes can be taxing . yet there is something so captivating about the sensibility behind the camera that i couldn't NOT_help NOT_but NOT_feel NOT_that NOT_greatness NOT_was NOT_in NOT_the NOT_air . hints of it were everywhere -- in a man who hates ownership but wants desperately to possess his lover ; in ancient cave paintings of swimmers copied casually by a modern-day swimmer in the sahara ; in the way the shifting sands of time obliterate everything more completely than a world war . there is enough latent meaning to supply college film students with paper topics for years . but ultimately the emotional truths writer-director anthony minghella was grasping for were never revealed . in the end , i was left with the impression that i had witnessed quite an oxymoron : a haunting bore . bore is perhaps too strong a word . but after drinking in the rich production values , the cup remains only slightly over half-full .
[92]	pos	pos	yes	like that and have his future , he's the greatest hockey player in the world . " dillon then takes the drunken coyle for a long drive and executes him mob-style , having a kid who works for him dump the body in some bad section of boston . this is a great atmospheric film due to the realistic noir mood it sets , of the hopeless situation the low-level criminals are in , and how they are forced to live with fear and the uncertainty of what horrible thing will happen next . the city streets are ugly , the gangsters are shown to be capable of any action to defend their own interests , whether it is betrayal or murder . there is a fatalistic feel about their lives , something robert mitchum wears as easily as others put on a hat . mitchum gives this film all the intensity and purpose it needs , as it overcomes a thin plot . it makes you see the characters for what they are without any false sympathy for them . mitchum is a loser ; and , that he lived so long , is a tribute to his skills as a survivor . but in the end , he even loses the respect he had among his underworld friends as a standup guy , as he wrestled with his code of honor and lost even that battle .
[93]	pos	pos	yes	, he does rebel , but he's also polite when he needs to be . and he never broods . the rest of the cast is equally impressive . john lithgow , seen here playing a normal guy for a change , is playing a man who would normally be a flat out villian . but lithgow plays him as a concerned father who is trying to do what he feels is best for his daughter . by the end of the film , we feel a genuine sense of love and understanding between him and the lori singer character . another nice touch is the music . we see the parents of the kids complaining that the music they listen to is filled with " sexual innuendos " , but that's not true at all . the title track , performed by kenny loggins , is upbeat and fun . during the final sequence , i was overcome with the urge to get off the couch and start dancing . of course , i soon realized that would be a little pathetic . anyway , " footloose " is a charming little surprise . don't NOT_let NOT_the NOT_premise NOT_prevent NOT_you NOT_from NOT_watching NOT_it . it sucked me in , and it'll do the same to you .
[94]	pos	pos	yes	level , yet the entire project is to be accepted as a work of art rooted in fantasy . do not assume , however , that the art is limp-wristed . for those who are put off by the " art " label this film can be confidently recommended as engrossing entertainment at the levels of adventure , action and romance . there are no weak performances in this movie . michelle yeoh imbues her character with depth , humanity and wisdom . chow yon fat projects dignity and purity of heart . zhang ziyi is a budding superstar . she is radiantly beautiful and totally persuasive in a multifaceted role . cheng pei pei as the evil master and chang cheng as the bandit prince acquit themselves admirably . kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo-ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film . ang lee as the director , co-producer and mastermind of the project gets the lion share of the credit . this is destined to be one of those films that everybody likes , including those who hate martial arts movies . don't NOT_miss NOT_it .
[95]	pos	neg	no	hate lower-case titles ) takes situations that look stale on paper and makes them seem fresh . while noting the racial and social differences between the kids , the screenplay dances around most of the clich ? s ( there are still several mtv moments , though ) . the filmmakers make a point to give characters that crucial extra bit of shading that turns them into individuals instead of stereotypes and the actors take it from there . cute-as-a-button dunst forces the viewer to share the pain beneath nicole's behavior . she is credible enough that when dad urges carlos to get away from her before she drags him down , i hoped the boy would listen . as carlos , hernandez is a revelation . hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future . aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy/beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy . after carefully presenting credible characters and situations , the conclusion feels rushed and lazy . still , this is the kind of film that deserves accolades from critics instead of cheap shots . " afterschool special " my ass ? " crazy/beautiful " is the real deal .
[96]	pos	pos	yes	from start to finish , this is clearly hurt's movie ? he's in almost every frame . it's a role that the veteran actor must have relished , because he makes giles an unforgettable motion picture figure , and does so by means of dialogue delivery , body language , and ever-changing facial expressions . jason priestley , cashing in on his beverly hills 90210 image , is surprisingly effective as the shallow ronnie . he is charismatic , and it's not hard to understand why giles is attracted to ronnie . meanwhile , solid support is provided by the appealing fiona loewi and the always-reliable maury chaykin . love and death on long island is many things wrapped into one : a social commentary ( it tackles the thorny issue of film as pure art versus film as mindless entertainment ) , a buddy picture/love story ( ronnie and giles have one of the most interesting relationships found anywhere on a movie screen these days ) , and a " fish out of water " tale ( victorian relic giles forced into the modern world ) . yet , despite the many laughs love and death offers , it never takes cheap shots . it has a vibrant , beating heart ? and that makes the comedy all the more worthwhile .
[97]	pos	neg	no	hanson ( " l . a . confidential " ) makes a few missteps . the women are underused . frances mcdormand does a good job of her limited role of sara , grady's married lover but we never understand much of who she is . the chemistry between the two of them is non-existent which makes some of the ending unconvincing . katie holmes is a student with a major crush on the professor , but her character goes nowhere . we never even see grady's exiting wife . this is very much a guy's film . the varied relationships between the men are much more convincing than any of the others . grady's alternating mentoring and rejection of james is the centerpoint of the film , not him and sara . as the boomers age , expect to see more mid-life crisis films to catch the attention of that demographic . eventually it'll probably become cliche , but right now we've got a winner . i'll finish this in a second . right now i have to grab some paint . i noticed some trim in the other room that needs a little touch-up . ( michael redman has written this column for so long that he's made mid-life crisis a career choice . )
[98]	pos	pos	yes	it really should . a severe editing job could have made this movie excellent , instead of just good , which is what it is . pitt , an actor i normally loathe , is actually quite engaging as death . i believed his performance , and i could see why forlani's character would fall in love with him . i have to agree with roger ebert , though , who found it hard to believe that an entity that's been around for all time wouldn't NOT_know NOT_what NOT_peanut NOT_butter NOT_was . that has nothing to do with pitt's performance , of course , but it is a little distracting . hopkins gives his usual excellent performance . he's able to portray the angst of a man who knows he has very little time left , without making him an obnoxious whiner . and in her first major studio role , claire forlani is surprisingly good . she has a sweet tenderness that allows the audience to instantly root for her . so , " meet joe black " is a good movie hampered by it's ridiculous running time . had the film been cut by an hour or so , i have no doubt that i would be calling it one of the best movies of the year in this review .
[99]	pos	pos	yes	voiceover to overexplain matters . at times , this is actually helpful , and it has a use beyond the obvious , but there are occasions when ponderous lines like " i like the night ? sometimes you come face to face with yourself " become a little hard to swallow . in addition , fallen is saddled with the same kind of disgustingly bland , generic theology embraced by numerous movies and tv shows like touched by an angel . however , despite the negatives , i'm still recommending fallen on the strength of its complex plot and especially its ending , which i loved . the final scenes are startling , audacious , and unexpected . it's not often that a plot development takes me by surprise the way this one did . at a time when most movies fall apart in the last ten minutes , fallen manages to buck the trend and redeem itself . this is not a great motion picture , but , considering how bad most january releases are , it's a reasonably entertaining way to spend two hours . and , whatever you do , don't NOT_walk NOT_out NOT_on NOT_the NOT_film NOT_before NOT_the NOT_end NOT_credits NOT_have NOT_begun NOT_to NOT_roll .
[100]	neg	neg	yes	, only in a new neighborhood . but my biggest kudos go out to sagemiller , who holds her own throughout the entire film , and actually has you feeling her character's unraveling . overall , the film doesn't NOT_stick NOT_because NOT_it NOT_doesn't NOT_entertain , it's confusing , it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it . oh , and by the way , this is not a horror or teen slasher flick . . . it's just packaged to look that way because someone is apparently assuming that the genre is still hot with the kids . it also wrapped production two years ago and has been sitting on the shelves ever since . whatever . . . skip it ! where's joblo coming from ? a nightmare of elm street 3 ( 7/10 ) - blair witch 2 ( 7/10 ) - the crow ( 9/10 ) - the crow : salvation ( 4/10 ) - lost highway ( 10/10 ) - memento ( 10/10 ) - the others ( 9/10 ) - stir of echoes ( 8/10 )
[101]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_the NOT_crew NOT_was NOT_really NOT_out NOT_in NOT_the NOT_middle NOT_of NOT_nowhere , we don't NOT_know NOT_the NOT_origin NOT_of NOT_what NOT_took NOT_over NOT_the NOT_ship ( just that a big pink flashy thing hit the mir ) , and , of course , we don't NOT_know NOT_why NOT_donald NOT_sutherland NOT_is NOT_stumbling NOT_around NOT_drunkenly NOT_throughout . here , it's just " hey , let's chase these people around with some robots " . the acting is below average , even from the likes of curtis . you're more likely to get a kick out of her work in halloween h20 . sutherland is wasted and baldwin , well , he's acting like a baldwin , of course . the real star here are stan winston's robot design , some schnazzy cgi , and the occasional good gore shot , like picking into someone's brain . so , if robots and body parts really turn you on , here's your movie . otherwise , it's pretty much a sunken ship of a movie .
[102]	neg	neg	yes	the teenage mindset . despite an american 'r' rating ( which the content does not justify ) , the film is way too juvenile for the older mindset . information on the characters is literally spoon-fed to the audience ( would it be that hard to show us instead of telling us ? ) , dialogue is poorly written , and the plot is extremely predictable . the way the film progresses , you likely won't NOT_even NOT_care NOT_if NOT_the NOT_heroes NOT_are NOT_in NOT_any NOT_jeopardy , because you'll know they aren't . basing the show on a 1960's television show that nobody remembers is of questionable wisdom , especially when one considers the target audience and the fact that the number of memorable films based on television shows can be counted on one hand ( even one that's missing a finger or two ) . the number of times that i checked my watch ( six ) is a clear indication that this film is not one of them . it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen-flicks that we've been seeing as of late . avoid this film at all costs .
[103]	neg	neg	yes	one can out-bland the others . in the end , it's a tie -- they all win . that dragon's comedy shtick is awfully cloying , but at least it shows signs of a pulse . at least fans of the early-'90s tgif television line-up will be thrilled to find jaleel " urkel " white and bronson " balki " pinchot sharing the same footage . a few scenes are nicely realized ( though i'm at a loss to recall enough to be specific ) , and the actors providing the voice talent are enthusiastic ( though most are paired up with singers who don't NOT_sound NOT_a NOT_thing NOT_like NOT_them NOT_for NOT_their NOT_big NOT_musical NOT_moments NOT_-- NOT_jane NOT_seymour NOT_and NOT_celine NOT_dion ? ? ? ) . but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good . aside from the fact that children will probably be as bored watching this as adults , " quest for camelot " 's most grievous error is its complete lack of personality . and personality , we learn from this mess , goes a very long way .
[104]	neg	neg	yes	for the plot to proceed . toward the end , for example , brooke has her suspicions about daryl . to ensure he won't NOT_use NOT_it NOT_as NOT_another NOT_excuse NOT_to NOT_see NOT_her , brooke decides to return a toolbox he had left at her place to his house . does she just leave the toolbox at the door when no one answers ? of course not . she tries the door , opens it , and wanders around the house . when daryl returns , he enters the house , of course , so our heroine is in danger . somehow , even though her car is parked at the front of the house , right by the front door , daryl is oblivious to her presence inside . the whole episode places an incredible strain on the audience's suspension of disbelief and questions the validity of either character's intelligence . stalked receives two stars because , even though it is highly derivative and somewhat boring , it is not so bad that it cannot be watched . rated r mostly for several murder scenes and brief nudity in a strip bar , it is not as offensive as many other thrillers in this genre are . if you're in the mood for a good suspense film , though , stake out something else .
[105]	neg	neg	yes	in tones of red , yellow , and black . carpenter manages to give us a powerful opening scene , showing a mining train rushing through the martian night to the sound of music with a heavy beat . sadly what follows is not really up to the buildup . the terror he creates looks a little too much like fugitive wannabes from the rock band kiss . his idea of building suspense is having a bunch of sudden jump scenes that sucker the viewer into thinking something scary is happening and then prove to be just something boring . these are standard haunted house film shock effects that require no great talent to give the audience . somewhat newer but also unimpressive are the cgi digital decapitations in some of the fights . within a short stretch of time we have seen the release of mission to mars , red planet , and ghosts of mars . after mission to mars was panned by too many reviewers it looks better and better and better as time goes by . i rate ghosts of mars a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . following the movie i showed my wife , who liked ghosts of mars moderately more than i did , carpenter's classic assault on precinct 13 . her comment is that it was seeing the same film twice .
[106]	neg	neg	yes	unpleasant task . there are hints that this is taking its toll on his lovely wife , played by catherine keener , who is frustrated by her husband spending all of his time in cleveland rather than in their ugly split-level home in harrisburg , pa . " 8mm " doesn't NOT_condemn NOT_or NOT_condone NOT_its NOT_subject NOT_matter , it just exploits it . the irony , of course , is that schumacher and " seven " scribe andrew kevin walker's vision of life in the snuff lane is limited by what they can show in an r-rated , first-run hollywood product . so we only see snippets of snuff , and a lot more footage of nicolas cage covering his face in horror . later it's the turn of joaquin phoenix ( who's quite good and by far the film's most interesting character as adult bookstore flunky max california ) to cover his face as the horrid thing is screened over and over again . all this to get to the familiar yet offensive " revelation " that sexual deviants are not , indeed , monsters but everyday people like you and me . neither super nor standard , " 8mm " is shocking only in its banality .
[107]	neg	neg	yes	the old foreign-guy-who-mispronounces-english stereotype ( did someone say yakov smirnov ? that's my favorite vodka , by the way ) , hence the line " now it's time to take a look at your volvo , " another nasty but unamusing joke , except this one goes right over the ten year olds' heads , while the adults simultaneously groan . nine months is a complete failure , low on laughs and intelligence and high on loud , unfunny slapstick , failed jokes and other uninspired lunacy . hugh grant's sunset boulevard arrest ( please , no caught-with-his-pants-down jokes ) may bring more people into the theaters , but they certainly won't NOT_leave NOT_with NOT_a NOT_smile NOT_on NOT_their NOT_faces , not after 90 minutes of grant's nervous smiles . everything in the movie is so forced , so unauthentic that anyone with an i . q . over 80 ( sorry , hugh ) will know they wasted their money on an unfulfilled desire . but at least they didn't NOT_spend NOT_60 NOT_bucks NOT_for NOT_it .
[108]	neg	pos	no	a luminous diva , preening and static in her hospital bed . despite skarsg ? rd's solid performance as tomas , his pathetic drunk is never given much of a chance to emote anything besides catatonic sorrow . there's genuine ferocity and sexually charged frisson during their understated confrontations in signs & wonders , allowing them to suggest a gray zone of complications that accompany torn romance and years of stifled curiosity . nossiter's film thoroughly explores this neurotic territory in addition to delving into the americanization of greece and the use of mysticism as an illusion to deflect pain . if signs & wonders sometimes feels overloaded with ideas , at least it's willing to stretch beyond what we've come to expect from traditional drama . aberdeen is never half so ambitious , content to sleepwalk through the rhythms and timing of other movies . when did character driven stories stop paying attention to the complexities of real life ? the depressing answer can be found in lawrence kasdan's trite but occasionally useful grand canyon , where steve martin's hollywood mogul pronounces , " all of life's riddles are answered in the movies ! " even foreign films are taking that advice to heart .
[109]	neg	neg	yes	see there , are essentially the snippets from the two major ( and cool ) swashbuckling sequences from the film . the first comes right at the beginning of the movie , while the other essentially finishes the film off , hanging from the tower and juggling off ladders . the ladder sequence itself is a definite keeper but unfortunately the rest of the movie is just regurgitated crap . and can anyone please tell me how catherine deneuve got her name placed at the top of this film's credits ? hullo ? the film is called the musketeer and stars a dude name justin chambers . deneuve is barely in this movie ! ugh , just another small thing that annoyed me about this trash . now say it together , gang : " all for one , and one for all . . . we vow to stay away from it all ! ! " thank me later . where's joblo coming from ? a knight's tale ( 7/10 ) - american outlaws ( 5/10 ) - crouching tiger , hidden dragon ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the replacement killers ( 6/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 )
[110]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_material . when howie reads big john a walt whitman poem , the moment feels a bit too precious . director michael cuesta lingers on an ecstatic reaction shot of big john , who may as well be hearing glenn gould performing bach's goldberg variations . it's too much . there are also some obvious dramatic contrivances involving big john's other boy toy ( walter masterson ) , jealous over the newbie . this plot thread predictably leads to violence . not content to be a haunting , observational portrait of teen alienation in a royally screwed up world ( like terry zwigoff's superb ghost world ) , cuesta lacks the confidence in his own work to end on an ambivalent note . it's typical of unimaginative cinema to wrap things up with a bullet , sparing the writers from actually having to come up with a complex , philosophical note . in this regard , l . i . e . ( and countless other indie films ) share something in common with blockbuster action films : problems are solved when the obstacle is removed . how often does real life work this way ? to extend the question : if a movie is striving for realism , do dramatic contrivances destroy the illusion ?
[111]	neg	neg	yes	irish tune to play over the end credits . i haven't NOT_mentioned NOT_the NOT_movie's NOT_twist NOT_yet . garofalo comes to the small ireland town during the annual matchmaking festival , during which lonely folks from around the county pair off into a future of bliss . milo o'shea ( who looks like an irish tom snyder ) is the matchmaker who pops onscreen occasionally to spew his words of wisdom and bring lonely souls together . rest assured he'll do all he can to match up garofalo and o'hara . oh , and in keeping with the matchmaker's utter predictability , he dies toward the end . what the message here ? sometimes even the most respectable person of comedic distinction , like garofalo , will sell out with a weak script . i was excited to see garofalo and leary in the same movie , but they actually only have two or three scenes together . leary stays stateside , for the most part , yelling at garofalo over the phone and generally being an asshole . he even undoes himself with the old microphone's still on after he's done giving the speech cliche . both of them should have known better .
[112]	neg	neg	yes	styles , but here it's a disaster . one problem is that , in reality , most eastern films have taken their lead from western ones . jet li's high risk is a rip-off of die hard -- not the other way around . ironically , there is awfully little swordplay or action in the film at all -- maybe ten minutes of swashbuckling spread over five scenes . most asian action films carry the bulk of their production with 20- to 30-minute action sequences , because they know the scenes have to carry the picture . the musketeer instead weighs itself down with a predictable and monotonous screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horrible acting by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chambers ( the wedding planner ) to deliver his mousy self as a leader . chambers' d'artangnan isn't NOT_a NOT_musketeer NOT_-- NOT_he's NOT_a NOT_mouseketeer ! and hyam's use of candles and torches to light the grime and filth of 17th century paris are well-noted , but that's the only standout in an overall flat production .
[113]	neg	neg	yes	sonya does her " kiss of death , " jax does his " earthquake , " liu kang does his " animality , " and so on . a big bonus for those of us who were looking for similar moves in the first movie and found them only rarely . * there aren't NOT_as NOT_many NOT_fight NOT_scenes NOT_in NOT_this NOT_movie NOT_as NOT_there NOT_were NOT_in NOT_the NOT_first , because the folks making the movie mistakenly try to hang a more robust plot in between . silly , silly folks . and the lamest fight involved two of the women in what turns into a mud-wrestling match . lame and so obviously sexist even i ( politically incorrect , for the most part ) noticed and remarked upon it . * the special effects are generally better , except for the final fight scene between the emporer and liu kang in which both perform their " animalities . " motaro and sheeva are both more convincing and lifelike than goro was in the first movie . for folks like myself who loved the first movie and enjoy the games , i give this a 5 . you'll probably like it , but not nearly as much as you liked the first one .
[114]	neg	neg	yes	" talking of pants , parillaud has her clothes off faster than you can say " point of no return . " we have come to expect this from billy baldwin , but it might have been nice to have learned something about their characters first . but there's nothing to learn . karen is as interesting as a cereal box , a someone's-out-to-get-me crybaby who imagines the voice at the other end of the phone , the stranger who sends her flowers , maybe even her husband himself , is her would-be killer . siouxsie is the chromium cool , tough-as-nails crack killing machine who shoots out a couple of mirrors in order to justify the film's meaningless stock title . baldwin seems more interested in parillaud's nest egg ( so that he can pave paradise and put up a parking lot ) than he does in her . each time graham greene shows up he gets killed . barbet schroeder ( " reversal of fortune " ) co-produced and should be ashamed of himself . every now and again it's fun to watch a really bad movie . and every now and again , as " shattered image " makes agonizingly clear , it isn't .
[115]	neg	neg	yes	. fortunately this drowns out a lot of the dialogue . the final exchange between henstridge and , er , cube though is both audible * and * priceless . mars has proven an infertile breeding ground for hollywood in the last year or so , what with the stillborn " mission to mars " and " red planet " ( with val kilmer ) . " ghosts of mars " sadly adds to those disappointing returns ( in its opening weekend it was overshadowed by a bunch of sequels , among them " american pie 2 " and " rush hour 2 " ) . the irony is that the mars in carpenter's film feels sadly absent . there are occasional references to the red planet , of course , but the film might as well have been set in perth amboys than on earth's closest neighbor . two things keep " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " from getting a huge slap upside the head . 1 . henstridge keeps her top on ( miraculously ) , and 2 . the film doesn't NOT_pretend NOT_to NOT_be NOT_anything NOT_it's NOT_not . what that means , however , is that fans of superior , intelligent , grade a sci-fi/horror are singularly out of luck .
[116]	neg	neg	yes	the movie trods along , we discover she's not only the mostly-silent star of the movie but also the object of every male character's fantasies ( and probably every male viewer's too ) . the drunken father thinks she's just the thing to recapture his lost youth , her boyfriend lets his imagination run wild while spying on alicia from outside , even the prepubescent boy looks in on alicia through the bathroom keyhole while she's taking her bubble bath . they even throw in the middle aged wife's fantasies about a male counterpart at the party . not that any of us asked or ever even thought about seeing this 200+ pound woman in a black silk teddy . at least none of the sex fanatasies ever leave the realm of the pg-rated . in fact , i could imagine the babysitter becoming a cinemax late-night staple if not for the fact that there's absolutely no nudity in it . so you can't NOT_call NOT_it NOT_a NOT_sex NOT_flick . i've already pointed out that it can't NOT_fall NOT_under NOT_drama , comedy , thriller or action , so what do you classify the babysitter as ? bad .
[117]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_along NOT_slowly NOT_without NOT_anything NOT_really NOT_interesting NOT_happening , and yes , the " sand-twister " effect that you see in the commercial is well done . other than that ? i guess i could say that i admire how filmmakers have become so much more devious in their product placement strategies . . . oops , did i say " admire " , i meant " am disgusted " ! all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two-bit dialogue masked in a lot of sci-fi mumbo-jumbo , pretends to be deep when really it's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck . go see the ninth gate . . . now there's a great movie ! and on a personal note , i think it's time for depalma to stop worrying so much about his proverbial 12-minute uninterrupted film sequences , and start worrying more about how crappy his movies are getting .
[118]	neg	pos	no	NOT_writer's NOT_intention NOT_was NOT_with NOT_drive NOT_me NOT_crazy . there was some smart comedy in those films to make the obvious endings worth getting to . here there's nothing . . . just teens whining about who's going to take them to the big dance . do me a favor kids , go get a job or something . . . just shut the hell up . in all honesty , the best part of this film is the end credits . now normally when i say that it's followed with the joke " . . . because the movie is finally over . " in this case though the end credits really are the most entertaining part of the film . after the obligatory second playing of britney spears' titular song , there's a quick commercial jingle for a burger joint the kids in the film hang out in and a brief rendition of the school song for their high school . nothing great , but more entertaining than anything in the 90 minutes which preceded them . sci-fi fans take note : there are brief appearances from stephen collins ( star trek : the motion picture ) and faye grant ( the tv miniseries " v " and " v : the final battle " ) . [pg-13]
[119]	neg	neg	yes	of here ! " " joe is way too big for that cage ! " i don't NOT_know NOT_if NOT_these NOT_phrases NOT_are NOT_word NOT_for NOT_word , but they're close . as i said , the characters here are only present as a formality : they do little more than state the obvious ( of * course * joe is too big for that cage ) . paxton and theron are talented performers who deserve to work on a script that provides characters for them . sadly , mighty joe young wastes them both . there are a few clever moments ( although none of them are surfacing in my memory at the moment ) , and , as i said , the digital effects held my attention for at least five minutes . it's certainly not a bad film for kids ; i doubt joe will give them nightmares . but adults in the audience aren't NOT_likely NOT_to NOT_find NOT_much NOT_of NOT_anything NOT_interesting NOT_about NOT_the NOT_big NOT_gorilla . a big gorilla is only interesting for a little while ; after that , something needs to be done with the big gorilla . nobody ever figures out what to do with the big gorilla .
[120]	neg	neg	yes	the pest , " a movie that i still think is the year's worst so far , although this one does give it a run for its money . as clown , he overacts to the extreme , never missing an opportunity for a poor-taste punchline . leguizamo farts green mist , munches a pizza slice covered with maggots and even dons a mini-skirt and performs a cheerleader routine , all before turning into a giant grey demon . the guy was brilliant in " to wong foo , thanks for everything ! julie newmar . " what is he doing wasting his talent in this and " the pest " ? i'm one of the few people that liked " batman & robin , " this summer's other big-budget comic book film . yet after catching this movie and making the inevitable comparison , i can only hope people will change their minds and think of " batman " as the superior adaptation . there's a compelling story somewhere in " spawn " -- including strong religious overtones and the debut of the first african-american superhero ever -- but it's just not found anywhere near here . as it is , " spawn " is just awful -- it stinks worse than a dead trout .
[121]	neg	neg	yes	allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense . scenes pile up like a car wreck with little or no explanation or exposition . subplots appear and disappear . when claire finally comes face-to-face with our evil murderer ( robert downey jr . ) , it turns out his name is vivian , he's clairvoyant and he's got some major issues with mama , a la norman bates . " in dreams " reaches its absurdist zenith here , and the climax drags with mumbled revelations and laughable twists . some questions , then : what's with the garbage disposal retching applesauce ? are the drawings on the wall blood or paint ? who cranked up the andrews sisters on the cd player and caused the swing to move on its own ? what about the computer ? does vivian possess the gift of telekinesis in addition to his other powers ? why would he continually endanger claire if she was necessary for his ultimate plan ? is the woman in australia integral to anything ? and the aforementioned flooded city - what function does that _really_ serve ? sigh . at least in my own dreams , i can imagine a better movie where certain talent didn't NOT_go NOT_to NOT_waste .
[122]	neg	neg	yes	and the left wheel is completely destroyed . seconds later , the car drives off at full speed . hey , i have no problem suspending my disbelief in an action movie , but a line must be drawn somewhere . finally , the acting . nobody gives a good performance in this film . van damme , an actor i usually like , is way off the mark playing " everyman " . and schneider , here to provide comic relief i assume , is totally unfunny and over acts his way through every scene . even the usually solid paul sorvino gives a terribly over-the-top performance as . . . once again , i have no idea who he was supposed to be . in case i haven't NOT_yet NOT_made NOT_it NOT_clear NOT_enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade . and it's not even one of those movies that's so bad it's funny . it's too inept to be funny . there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased .
[123]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_formulaic . a scene towards the end where he has to make a fatal decision is cheapened by the fact that his answer has no emotional buildup . he may as well have said the opposite of what he says ; it would have at least gone with what the character was like . this is the most disappointing kind of film because it promises intelligence and complexity , because it promises disection of a flawed character and perhaps even redemption , then pulls the rug from under us just as we were about to be convinced it would be able to go all the way . as i was watching the first half hour , i couldn't NOT_wait NOT_to NOT_see NOT_how NOT_the NOT_mystery NOT_would NOT_be NOT_unearthed , how many different perspectives he'd be given , and perhaps he'd have to make a choice between who's he has to believe . now there's a film . unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap we've seen all too much before , but never from someone like depalma .
[124]	neg	neg	yes	scofield is fine as the overzealous judge danforth , but the incessant moral posturings of all the characters along with the recurrent histrionics of the young girls pricks at the nerves . probably because she is the only refuge of restraint amidst all the huffing and puffing , allen's elizabeth comes out as the most sympathetic character . a scene near the end featuring a private conversation between the imprisoned elizabeth and john is undeniably powerful because for once we are given a reprieve from the moral bantering and the human consequences are revealed . unfortunately , when john's audience again increases to more than one his urge to pontificate returns and the human urgency of his situation is lost . it is clear that miller meant well but i do wish he did it with more delicacy and fewer diversions . his screenplay is an imperfect creature with the distractions coming out as loud as the message . the result is a clumsy muddle - i felt like the chicken from the opening scene , head ceaselessly banged with piousness too heavy-handed to be wholly believable . when the gallows beckoned , it was sweet release indeed . far from bewitching , the crucible tests the patience .
[125]	neg	neg	yes	something to ponder along with him . and if this film had anything poignant to say , you would have , which makes you all the angrier at the numerous missed opportunities . the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them . unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly cutting to black numerous times within any given scene . sometimes these breaks are used for chapter headings , but these are even more cryptic than the spoken words . the second half is composed of nauseating hyper-color that often blurs the image . you suddenly feel like a doomed character straight out of scanners . the only scene that makes any sense is one that complains about the united states bastardizing history in the making of movies . steven spielberg is picked on in particular . while i'll grant that this does happen , and i tend to shy away from watching such garbage , it's still a pointless focus for a film that purports to articulate the specific qualities of couplehood . it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't NOT_necessarily NOT_an NOT_admirable NOT_storyteller . the days of breathless are no more .
[126]	neg	neg	yes	, supplying heavily armored transportation and easily accessible rifles and dynamite . yes , in the future , man may travel to space and conquer mars , but nothing beats a good stick of tnt . and as we all know , every police station , past , present , or future , keeps a healthy supply on hand . characters die , heads are lopped off , but they were only supporting roles anyway , so why should we care ? as long as you have plenty of narcotics , immunity is guaranteed . eventually though , even the most well-trained zombie alien gets a bit uppity and needs to be taught a lesson . what better way than by sacrificing a few minor characters to a convenient nuclear detonation , killing anything the machine guns can't NOT_handle . explosions are fun . and even if the nukes don't NOT_get NOT_them , the conveniently placed dynamite packs on the train stolen from the set of the road warrior certainly will . in the end this film defines itself when our cop's tribunal pronounces , " is that all you have to tell us ? " for , indeed , john carpenter has run out of things to say , and has instead decided to use whatever is convenient to tell a ridiculously bad story .
[127]	neg	neg	yes	pulling off . the former he can do with ease and often the actor coasts on his lackadaisical charm while those around him growl and swear . but then suddenly affleck starts growling and swearing alongside them like the class clown imitating a tarantino gangster . charlize theron , an extraordinary talent , is , like affleck , playing whatever part the script requires her to play , whether it be vulnerability at one moment , anger at the next . she never has a chance to evince any charm or make much of an impression beyond her obvious physical attributes ( frankenheimer has her needlessly pop her top to further italicize this . gary sinise has played this role frequently , and here , as in snake eyes , he does the snarling bad guy thing with such over the top vitriol ( the guy must be so incredibly bored of stomping through the same paces that going out of control is the only thing that keeps him interested any more ) , that it becomes more of an annoyance ( oh there he goes again ? ? ? ) than a threat . these are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on to a script with little but stock characters and a bag of tricks that it dully springs on its audience .
[128]	neg	neg	yes	the furry little critters as " poopies , " par example ( and ad nauseum ) . the finesses of the script ( attributed to four screenwriters no less , and far removed from anything dodie smith ever dreamed up ) are quickly dispensed with , since all it takes for a paroled cruella to be shaken from her years of successful aversion therapy in the slammer is the tolling of big ben ( ? ) . that done , it's back to the mansion to roll around in her heretofore off-limits sables and minks and a plan to skin those little dahlings for the sake of a hooded designer gown . the dogs are pretty cute--try making a puppy look otherwise--but that's pretty much all they are . there's always the feeling that there's a trainer off in the wings , coaxing the dogs to open doors , or pick up their food bowls in unison , or pop a tape into the videocasette recorder . savvy holiday goers should skip " 102 dalmatians " and pop the original 1961 animated classic into * their * vcrs instead . it's one dalmatian less , but 101% more satisfying .
[129]	neg	pos	no	moments come when it's alluded to that people like jimmy carter and henry kissinger may actually be the antichrist ( ! ) . also , there's ten minutes of stock footage at the end of the film meant to give us an idea of what the battle for armageddon might be like . if it's anything like it's depicted as here then it's going to be incredibly boring . the late great planet earth is available on dvd from vci home video . it contains the film in standard form ( aspect ratio of 1 . 33 : 1 ) , although some moments of stock footage are letterboxed . also included are brief bios on orson welles and hal lindsey , as well as a trailer for another recent vci home video release , chariots of the gods . audio is mono dolby digital , and the video is fair to good for a film like this . i believe this is the first appearance of this film on any home video format so any condition at all is fine with me . certainly i never expected a remastered print . curiously , the menu screens on this dvd look nothing like the menu screens pictured on the back of the case . but they're menu screens . . . so who really cares ? [pg]
[130]	neg	neg	yes	going to have when they fight each other . 4 ) there are two many interfering , irrelevant side stories . vince is convinced that he sees jesus on a regular basis , cesar yells at the sky in spanish when he is angry , and grace tries to sell her inventions to hotel owner robert wagner . these boring tales only hurt the central plot . 5 ) when it comes to time for the two men to fight , they don't NOT_even NOT_hesitate NOT_to NOT_pound NOT_each NOT_other . wasn't NOT_the NOT_whole NOT_point NOT_of NOT_the NOT_road NOT_trip NOT_to NOT_show NOT_that NOT_these NOT_two NOT_are NOT_friends NOT_who NOT_could NOT_never NOT_hurt NOT_each NOT_other ? by the time the road trip part of the movie is over with , the film wants to be over . shelton , on the other hand , continues to tell his story . forty five painful minutes remain . the boxing scene between cesar and vince starts out very powerful and interestingly different from other boxing movies . however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film .
[131]	neg	neg	yes	week in the cartoon . let me rage here just for a minute . michelle trachtenberg was an excellent choice for the penny character . she's utterly charming , and has excellent experience ( harriet the spy ) for the part of the pint-size detective . why she is so underutilized in this film is a real mystery . the film loses a star for casting brilliance coupled with scripting ( or editing ) stupidity . inspector gadget is missing the long , long stretches of potty humor that ( among other things ) made my favorite martian so unbearable , but it's a very short movie , so perhaps something was cut at the last moment . probably the best scenes in the film occur during the end credits . the " evil sidekick support group " is especially worth seeing , and has an amazing number of cameo appearances for the few seconds it's onscreen . all in all , another bad live action film from the premere studio for bad live action films . i wonder if disney uses the revenues for it's generally money-making cartoons to produce these losers . but if true , why ? if they're trying for another mary poppins , they need to find a team that can produce one , and then give them a chance to do it .
[132]	neg	neg	yes	allowing for any emotional content whatsoever . a fine example of this difference can be found by examining a couple of jackie chan's films . . watch the restaurant fight from the film " rush hour " and notice that the context of the fight , while technically amazing is rather flat ( the framing and cut always do not help ) . now look at the warehouse fight from " rumble in the bronx " . there you have a heartbeat , and emotional draw that doesn't NOT_let NOT_the NOT_audience NOT_catch NOT_its NOT_breath . the stops and pauses for dramatic effect work perfectly , causing the viewer to be both astounded and flabbergasted . here in 'romeo must die' , the fight scenes have no more emotional content or character than any john wayne barroom brawl . jet li is a grand and personable screen presence . it's a shame that his full talents were not used to full effect here . one day filmmakers here in the u . s . will stop making films by the numbers and start to embrace the style and emotion that has made hong kong action pictures such a commodity . until then , we'll be left with emotionally hollow product like " the replacement killer " and , currently " romeo must die " .
[133]	neg	neg	yes	local strip club making the girls from coyote ugly look like waitresses from denny's . the usual things happen like clockwork . the hero rises from the ashes of failure , the team comes together in unity , the hero falls in love with a conventional love interest , the football games are won with enough schlock value to make the most ignorant of audiences cheer and clap , and the cheerleaders make you want to go home and watch late night movies on cinemax . it's also a shame when decent directors with good movies under their belts go to seed and become television and sequel hacks . howard deutch , who was behind the camera for two of the best films of '80s - pretty in pink and some kind of wonderful , has since been doing grumpier old men and caroline in the city episodes . obviously the problem is that without a good script , any director will fail in the end . sports films are strong vehicles for cinematic glory , gritty tales involving the honor of men and the valiant efforts taken for the ultimate goal of victory in the face of insurmountable odds , the rise and fall of gallant heroes , and stories of dramatic gusto painted with blood and sweat on the battlefield of life . the replacements offers none of this .
[134]	neg	pos	no	NOT_his NOT_own NOT_material . not only is the nudity plentiful and graphic in " bully " but there's also an uneasy , exploitative feel to it . gratuitous crotch shots abound ( one of which makes the zipper cut-away in " there's something about mary " look like the height of subtlety ! ) . clark is so pre-occupied with his female ( predominantly ) leads that you forget , at times , what this movie is supposed to be about . the stripping bare , literally and figuratively , of these actors ( who are , after all , playing underage teenagers ) becomes harder to watch over time , as you begin to feel for them and question the motives of the man behind the camera . the conclusion of " bully " offers up literal snapshots of information about the sentences imposed on each of the protagonists for their involvement in the crime . it's a short sequence of stills--heather : 7 years ; ali : 40 years ; lisa : life imprisonment , for example--but it's infinitely more telling than the 110 minutes of rampant unpleasantness that precedes it . " bully " aims for truth , exploits it shamelessly , then bludgeons it to death .
[135]	neg	pos	no	a turn that the bus never would , and the story heads down a very dark alley that marks the end of an enjoyable ride . the twist makes sense--and helps paint a complete picture of finney's character--but the trip to get there betrays the light , airy atmosphere of what had come before . it's not a fatal misstep , mind you , and it doesn't NOT_send NOT_the NOT_story NOT_soaring NOT_into NOT_the NOT_realms NOT_of NOT_incredulity . it's just a turn off . dr . strangelove 93 min . / not rated =============== mein fuhrer ! the most fun that * i * had last month was in durham , at the carolina , at a mid-week screening of stanley kubrick's pitch-black comedy dr . strangelove ( or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb ) . the 1964 film stars peter sellers ( in three roles ) , george c . scott , sterling hayden , and slim pickens . their antics brought the house down , which , to my surprise , was packed by an audience younger than the film .
[136]	neg	neg	yes	walter j . hill ( robert mitchum ) happens to be very good lawyer , so jack might even prove his innocence in the end . belonging more to the genre of courtroom drama than erotic thriller , woman of desire distinguishes itself from similar films by having almost all characters behaving like total idiots . unfortunately , this film isn't NOT_comedy NOT_and NOT_any NOT_laugh NOT_is NOT_unintentional . the characters are totally antipathetic and irritating and soon we stop caring what would happen to them . the actors that play them don't NOT_help NOT_either . that is especially the case with jeff fahey , whose jack is so stupid that even the character played by fahey in lawnmower man looks like a genius in comparison . his partner bo derek , on the other hand , shows that she didn't NOT_age NOT_enough NOT_to NOT_cease NOT_being NOT_the NOT_sex NOT_goddess , but that is small compensation for her apparent lack of acting talents . ginty , on the other hand , tries to bring some life in the movie by using many flashbacks and strange angles of shooting , but in the end it gets only irritating to the already bored and dissatisfied viewer .
[137]	neg	neg	yes	itself is mostly computer-generated , of course . like the snake in " anaconda , " the thirty-foot monster crocodile doesn't NOT_seem NOT_real ; it moves too quickly and in ways that seem unnatural . " lake placid " also offers little explanation for why a giant crocodile is in maine . there is a lot of semi-mystical mumbo jumbo about how " we really don't NOT_know NOT_much NOT_about NOT_crocodiles . " they would have been better off going with something like the urban myth about alligators in the sewers . a movie like this doesn't NOT_have NOT_to NOT_offer NOT_much NOT_of NOT_an NOT_explanation ( radioactive mutant ? creature from outer space ? ) , but it does have to give the audience something to hang their disbelief on . pullman and fonda seem to be plodding through the movie on auto-pilot . most of the time , they're probably thinking about killing their agents or wondering if making this movie marks the end of their careers . platt and white , on the other hand , seem to be giving their best efforts , and they manage to squeeze a few chuckles out of this sorry script .
[138]	neg	neg	yes	selective with how effective the bugs are to earthling weaponry . if a bug has one of the humans screaming in its grasp , then five guys can stand around it and blast away on full auto without doing a damned thing . but if one human gets cornered , he lays waste to whole platoons of bugs with one clip . uh-huh . the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi-fascist flavor . i say " quasi- " because while the movie uses many of the trappings of fascism ot eroticize its action -- the gear , the uniforms , etc . -- the movie doesn't NOT_have NOT_the NOT_nerve ( or the brains ) to be genuinely fascist , or intelligent about the subject . the bumpers between scenes , which are apparently intended to parody wartime recruitment propaganda are propaganda -- just so clumsy and oafish that they wind up making the bugs look relatively innocuous in comparison . like the rest of the movie . there's more , i suppose , but it's not worth it . the acting is bland , neither arsenic nor gravy ; the music disposable ; the camerawork turgid . the heartbreaking thing is that it makes independence day look like a masterpiece .
[139]	neg	neg	yes	had to rebel . maybe the nature of the screenplay , which incidently , does not incorporate much action sequences in the film , forced the filmmakers to " cut a long story short " and make it more of an action film than anything else ( it's still summer , and movies have to be " marketable " ) . the special effects too , are really nothing for anyone to shout about . at most , i would say the beast-men looked just a bit more realistic than those apes in planet of the apes . this h . g . wells classic really has potential to be a good film . unfortunately , after 2 adaptations , they still could not decide on how and what to focus their attention on to really bring out that important message which makes up the entire essence of the story . as a third outing , the island of dr . moreau accomplishes little and is nothing more than an inferior version of `the planet of the apes' . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[140]	neg	neg	yes	confusing . anyway , he is taken in by hana ( juliette binoche , the horseman on the roof ) , a boring war-torn nurse . she was never really made into anything , until she met an indian towards the end , developing yet another sub-plot . count almasy begins to remember what happened to him as it is explained by a stranger ( willem dafoe , basquiat ) . his love ( kirstin scott thomas , mission impossible ) was severely injured in a plane crash , and eventually died in a cave . he returned to find her dead and was heart-broken . so he flew her dead body somewhere , but was shot down from the ground . don't NOT_get NOT_the NOT_wrong NOT_idea , it may sound good and the trailer may be tempting , but good is the last thing this film is . maybe if it were an hour less , it may have been tolerable , but 2 hours and 40 minutes of talking is too much to handle . the only redeeming qualities about this film are the fine acting of fiennes and dafoe and the beautiful desert cinematography . other than these , the english patient is full of worthless scenes of boredom and wastes entirely too much film . ,
[141]	neg	neg	yes	to at least be menacing as the aging criminal . he's not much in the way of stature but he has a surprisingly imposing physical presence that works to his advantage here . peter fonda is an unbelievably underrated actor : he's shy , quiet but always effective . he's adept at conveying emotions through speech rather than expression : his feelings don't NOT_always NOT_show NOT_on NOT_his NOT_face NOT_by NOT_you NOT_can NOT_always NOT_tell NOT_what NOT_they NOT_are . this is basically a conventional thriller told in a pretentiously bizarre fashion . why soderbergh couldn't NOT_just NOT_parrot NOT_down NOT_and NOT_tell NOT_a NOT_story , i don't NOT_know , but what he does do certainly doesn't NOT_work . the result is a wild cornucopia of images that amount to precisely nil -- even the action scenes don't NOT_work . 1999 may have signified the death of the traditional act one - act two - act three storyline , but obviously some movies have not yet transcended it . shall we go back to basics ?
[142]	neg	neg	yes	that that's how lucy supports her habit and procures her living expenses . a typical scene has the editors arguing about whether a potential photographer's work is transcendental or merely classical . that no one has a clue as to the dogma they are spouting becomes obvious but not particularly funny . " your work has a cultural currency that is important now , " is the artist-speak that the frame's manager uses to convince lucy to show her pictures in the magazine . when the big scene comes in which lucy puts the moves on syd , her idea of a romantic line is , " i want to get high with you . " in lucy's world , sex and drugs come hand-in-hand . and the movie , except for the obligatory scene of someone almost overdosing , shows drug usage as being a hip and natural part of the art scene . this vacuous picture throws in a standard downer ending in an attempt to manipulate our emotions . in another movie , it might have worked , but in this one the reaction is likely to be decidedly muted . high art runs 1 : 36 . it is rated r for explicit sex , pervasive drug use and language and is not appropriate for those younger than college age .
[143]	neg	neg	yes	not that i think exploitation is necessarily a good quality , but when you are talking about a dull turkey like this , the least that could have been done would be to fill it with a lot of mindless sex . even a psychopathic slasher at the camp would have done the trick . at least , then , it wouldn't NOT_have NOT_been NOT_such NOT_a NOT_chore NOT_to NOT_sit NOT_through . never before have i seen so many jokes fall astoundingly flat . the comedy was easy to spot , but it wasn't NOT_the NOT_least NOT_bit NOT_funny . it was groan-inducing . constantly throghout , i was asking myself if director gary graver actually thought this movie was worth anything . so what saves , " party camp , " from the dreaded zero star rating ? well , that's simple : jewel shepard , as a flighty bimbo , was admittedly fun to watch . although nothing could have saved this film from the lowest depths of motion picture trash , at least if the film had centered on shepard , she might have been able to add a little spice to an otherwise rancid , low-budget teen comedy .
[144]	neg	neg	yes	how in the world can somebody as nerdy ( but in a funny way ) as he can be the most popular kid in the school . . . in a day ? ! the dialogue in the film is , well , an embarrassment . her co-workers ( molly shannon , john c . reilly and gary marshall ) are in terminal hyper-drive . her teenage peers ( except sobieski ) are so inept and stupid that there's little bite from them . couldn't NOT_the NOT_filmmakers NOT_watch NOT__heathers_ NOT_first ? lastly , i am proud to say that i caught a significant gaffe in the film . if you see the film , you'd know what i'm talking about : drew walks into a bar , has her hand stamped , and over the night associates with some rastafarians with some delicious , um , cake . she goes wild , sleeps in late . when she wakes , she rushes off to school , without showering , without noticing that her head , lying on her stamped hand all night , has transferred part of the stamp's image to her forehead , spelling " loser " . funny , eh ? . . . except that the hand would have transferred that image backwords .
[145]	neg	neg	yes	nowhere to be found . i could hardly sit through the 93 minute running time for several reasons . the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to . it is almost offensive . an example of an insightful conversation : " you're dumb . dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb . " " no . " ( followed by a mandy moore-esque tune background ) ( well it's not as bad as wing commander i guess ) the supporting cast is also painfully useless . detmer and biggs stand in the way for anything interesting to happen with their own boring , pointless subplots . and although this is supposed to be from both perspectives of the human sex , prinze jr's ryan dominates the screen while forlani's jennifer simply acts as a dilemma for him to work with . we never learn anything about jennifer which is a shame too because forlani is the only actor to bring any life into her character . teenager or not : you'll hate this movie , i guarantee it . maybe i should rent she's all that again . is it really as good as i think it is ?
[146]	neg	neg	yes	and does a lot of mugging for the camera . tom is easily one of the most lifeless characters the actor has brought to the screen . randy quaid sneers a lot , and is totally unconvincing . morgan freeman and minnie driver both attempt to give legitimate performances , but they are defeated by the script . freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time-to-time . following in the wake of twister , this is yet another natural disaster movie that doesn't NOT_trust NOT_nature's NOT_fury NOT_as NOT_the NOT_chief NOT_engine NOT_of NOT_conflict . as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys/bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had . titanic proved that there can be a wealth of drama in a movie where everything goes under water . hard rain successfully demonstrates that the opposite is equally possible . thus far this year , hollywood has already subjected us to its unique brand of moronic mayhem by fire ( firestorm ) and water ( hard rain ) . fortunately , there are only two elements left .
[147]	neg	neg	yes	screenwriter ( the very experienced gerald di pego ) has to resort to literally telling the audience a movie's story . indeed , somewhere in the beginning of instinct , one of the characters actually reads aloud the film's plot to another character . this , like the instance i mentioned in the first paragraph of this review , is a horrid insult to our intelligence . i am forced to wonder whether turteltaub and di pego did not think that we could figure out what instinct is about simply from regular conversation . i think that anthony hopkins is one of the greatest screen actors , and he chews the scenery in this movie , brilliant as ever . oscar winner cuba gooding jr . on the other hand is dreadful . his performance is at least part of what makes his character seem so incapable of being a shrink . i liked the guy in jerry maguire as well as in as good as it gets but here he fails to project any shred of credibility or real feeling . i love animals , and instinct's prominent save the gorillas/live in harmony with nature theme is certainly something i could sympathize with . however this movie's execution is completely unacceptable . tone down the violence and this will be a chick flick . ? 1999 eugene novikov
[148]	neg	neg	yes	and unispiring crime mystery subplot works to the certain extent . but the worst insult to viewer's audience is terrible miscasting of melanie griffith . the author of this review never liked this actress very much , but she was at least tolerable in some of her roles . role of emily eden , unfortunately , isn't NOT_one NOT_of NOT_them . first of all , she can't NOT_pass NOT_for NOT_tough NOT_nypd NOT_street NOT_fighter , and her attempt to pass for orthodox jewish woman isn't NOT_much NOT_better . screenplay by robert j . avrech makes things even worse with some formulaic red herring subplots ( scene involving two italian gangsters was almost too painful to watch ) . but , on the other hand , other actors are more convincing ( lee richardson as an old rabbi , thal as ariel and charming mia sara as his intended bride ) , and the photography by andrzej bartkowiak very effectively creates atmosphere of warmth when the scenes take place in hassidic community . also , the film might educate viewers about hassidic culture . that is the only thing that prevents it from turning into total waste of time .
[149]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_that NOT_was NOT_not NOT_some NOT_sort NOT_of NOT_depressing NOT_pseudo- NOT_meditation NOT_on NOT_life . ditto for max , who doesn't NOT_seem NOT_to NOT_have NOT_a NOT_life NOT_outside NOT_his NOT_friendship NOT_with NOT_1900 . tim roth plays 1900 with about as much panache as a fig leaf ; there's no spirit , no gusto to the character . he insists that he leads a happy life on the ship , but to us he is dead . pruitt taylor vince is a little more palatable , at least providing a moment of comic relief here and there to liven things up a bit . the highlight of the movie would have to be the eminently amusing clarence williams the iii as the arrogant , leering " king of jazz " who challenges 1900 to the aforementioned piano duel . the legend of 1900 was made by giuseppe tornatore , whose 1988 cinema paradiso is considered a masterpiece by many . this effort is utterly limp and lifeless . at once ridiculous , boring , narrow-sighted and pointless , this is one movie that should be -- and will be -- quickly forgotten .
[150]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_it , he's willing to sign max up to do disgusting events like a wrestling match with a half-dozen dwarfs . ( the movie itself knows no bounds as it contains one of the most putrid and lengthy vomiting scenes ever . ) after a series of missed opportunities , the comedic part of the movie is over , and it turns into a cheap and maudlin disease movie . we learn that max's condition is terminal , and he will soon die . to be fair , the movie does contain a few good scenes - all of which you can see in the trailers . let's hope billy gets himself a pair of reading glasses before he signs up for another movie . my giant runs too long even at just 1 : 37 . it is rated pg for violence and profanity and would be acceptable for kids around ten and up . my son jeffrey and his friend matthew , both 9 , gave the movie a single star and had nothing good to say about it . matthew pointed out that it " is not as good as it could have been or should have been . " ( amen . ) he went on to comment that he did not like the way the movie changed completely in the middle . jeffrey complained particularly about how gross the movie was .
[151]	neg	neg	yes	even when they start to sing ) , and an assorted number of musical performances , press conferences , and general all-around celebrity stuff . whew . for some reason , the film is littered with star cameos . from elton john to elvis costello , from bob hoskins to meat loaf . heck , even roger moore shows up , though he can't NOT_decide NOT_if NOT_he's NOT_parodying NOT_himself NOT_as NOT_james NOT_bond , or if he's lobbying to be the reincarnation of ernst stavro blofeld . richard e . grant has the largest secondary part , a thankless role of the band's manager , clifford . the celebrity spotting is partially amusing , and a decent way to pass the time when confronted with the rest of the film . neither amusing or spontaneous , when the spice girls are between songs they are deadly boring . their songs are alright , but they play like lifeless adaptations of the music videos . my advice to fans is : stay home and watch that video collection , or at least spin that cd a couple of more times . . . either option will be more enjoyable than the film . non-fans should know to stay well away from this one .
[152]	neg	neg	yes	tries to remained focused on baseball . then he meets tenley parrish ( jessica biel ) , daughter of one of the blue bloods whose lawn he manicures . tenley , a name only a hack screenwriter could invent , is unlike her snobbish counterparts and falls for ryan . if you can't NOT_figure NOT_out NOT_where NOT_all NOT_this NOT_nonsense NOT_leads , then you need a remedial course in film viewing . as always prinze is pretty to look at , but his performance mainly consists of facial expressions : puppy dog love , heartbreak , frustration , self-loathing or determination . biel cries a lot , while bruce davison merely acts smarmy as her class-conscious father . the only beacon is matthew lillard's fun-loving billy brubaker , the team's catcher . summer catch borrows situations and stylings from other baseball movies , such as bull durham and the natural . no curve balls here , no sliders . every pitch is predictable . a blind umpire could call this movie . summer catch is strictly rookie league moviemaking . it has as much chance of making the movie hall of fame as the dodgers have of moving back to brooklyn .
[153]	neg	neg	yes	that guy just got clocked by a telephone receiver . twice . see ? funny ! look , that kid has been vomiting for 20 minutes after drinking an inordinate amount of alcohol and is now about to perform an exotic dance for money . see ? funny ! a word of advice to mr . dupr ? : no , these things aren't NOT_funny NOT_all NOT_by NOT_themselves . they must be preceded by a clever set-up so the audience hasn 't predicted them five minutes in advance . that's it , i've said enough about this movie . it's a waste of time and money . i liked the music , but don't NOT_bother NOT_buying NOT_the NOT_soundtrack . i hear it' s just modern bands doing inferior versions of the songs that are actually in the movie . you want to see this concept executed well ? go rent roger corman's 1979 classic " rock n' roll high school . " it features another late-seventies rock band ( the ramones ) and a far more interesting story about a girl trying to get tickets to their show . yes , go rent that , and skip " detroit rock city , " which will probably bomb , and deservedly so .
[154]	neg	neg	yes	plus . they help to overcome a pace that's too polite for mosley's jazzy , swingin' story . steal big , steal little ======================= i can't NOT_say NOT_much NOT_about NOT_this NOT_one . director andrew davis follows the fugitive with a wildly unfunny farce about twin brothers ( andy garcia ) with opposing moral codes . they're fighting over their adoptive mother's estate , a 40 , 000-acre ranch worth millions and supporting dozens of migrant farm workers . so many different plots are trying to come together--feuding brothers , reconciling husbands , loan-shark hired hitmen--that you have to admire the director's ambition . too bad that almost every single person or plot-line is out of sync . that is , with the exception of alan arkin . he's the best thing in a movie that--despite the work of four credited writers-- * still * manages to waste such diverse talents as david odgen stiers , kevin mccarthy , and joe pantolinao . and what the heck does that title mean ?
[155]	neg	neg	yes	trying to find convenient ways to stall us . even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic . get this : remington's big plan is to build a large scaffold-like structure in the middle of the savannah , sit on it , and wait for the lion to show up . he does this , and then gets knocked off by a bird . by the end of the movie , the blood vessels in my palm were all broken open from me pounding my forehead with my hand . the acting is forgettable . douglas does a good job of portraying a relatively cracked fellow , but it's nothing he hasn't NOT_done NOT_before . kilmer looks like he wishes he were someone else , somewhere else , and the rest vanish into the cinematography . the camera , by the way , sometimes behaves so stupidly all by itself that most of the lion attacks are incoherent . what did i expect from this movie ? i dunno . some real excitement , i suppose . a sense that there were formidable forces on both sides of this equation . no such luck . i dug out my tattered copy of hemingway's " the short happy life of francis macomber " and read that to get the taste of this movie out of my mind .
[156]	neg	neg	yes	penn , who also slips into an impression of his brother sean , is even better as a loser tough guy cop . what one tough cop lacks is originality . this film offers nothing new . nothing that you can't NOT_get NOT_from NOT_any NOT_cop NOT_film . it screams sidney lumet all over the place , perhaps because it was produced by marty and michael bregman , producers of lumet's dog day afternoon and serpico . but even the masterful sidney would not have been able to make one tough cop into a good film . too much else is lacking . i also saw the boom mic pop into the top of the frame twice early on in the picture , something that i almost never notice . but once i saw that , i had it in the back of my mind every time i saw a medium or long shot . at times , i was hoping to see it . one tough cop isn't NOT_laughable , nor is it a terrible film , but it just isn't NOT_unique . it is a classic example of a film that didn't NOT_need NOT_to NOT_be NOT_made . but one thing is for sure , it could really use a better title .
[157]	neg	pos	no	patterson ( val kilmer ) , the bridge building expert set to oversee the operation , tried to rid his operation of the lions , but fails . a world renound hunter , remington ( michael douglas ) , is called in and the battle , man against lion , begins . this film has a great soundtrack , and wonderful scenery . the acting is not too bad except the characters are all so thin . we only see one side of each character . kilmer is a bridge builder and that's all we see him as . these lions kill dozens of his men and he doesn't NOT_even NOT_appear NOT_to NOT_be NOT_too NOT_upset NOT_about NOT_it . and the plot ? it's jaws , but with lions . again we're presented with an animal that behaves not at all as it should . it appears to kill men because it just likes too . why ? who knows . i guess there wouldn't NOT_be NOT_much NOT_of NOT_a NOT_story NOT_if NOT_it NOT_didn't . the problem is that there isn't NOT_much NOT_of NOT_a NOT_story NOT_even NOT_though NOT_it NOT_does .
[158]	neg	neg	yes	tv's friends ) , a smart , beautiful , professional woman wants two things she can't NOT_have : a new job-title and the love of her co-worker kevin bacon . her boss will only give her the job if she gets married and gets a mortgage and gets a lease on a german sportscar , and kevin bacon pnly sleeps with married or involved girls . what does she do ? she invents a fiance ! then when everyone wants to meet him , she tells some poor schmoe she met at a wedding that she will pay him $1000 to pretend to be in love with her for a company dinner , and pick a fight with her at the end , thus breaking the engagement but still being able to keep her job , since the guy ends up looking like a jerk and she is the poor , defenceless female . he , of course , goes along with it . gee , i wonder if they get together in the end . i've seen more original stuff on the wb . and better stuff too . picture perfect also makes the mistake of being _wayyyyy_ too long at 100 minutes , and expecting us to like aniston's character , who comes off as a cold , spoiled bitch .
[159]	neg	neg	yes	films . the animated " charlotte's web " has become a minor classic since its release in 1973 and 1999 brought us a live action version of " stuart little . " " trumpet of the swan , " directed by richard rich ( 1999's animated " the king and i , " the " swan princess " series ) , is unlikely to be remembered along with those two . " trumpet of the swan " is receiving a regional theatrical release , but is sure to quickly appear on home video . boston is one of the targetted cities because our hero louie becomes famous playing his trumpet in beantown . he encounters a gypsy-like con man in the public gardens who pitches louie and his trumpet as an added attraction to boston's swan boats . louie stays at the ritz carlton before giving a concert at the hatch shell along the banks of the charles river . at this point , louie's earned enough money so that dad can pay for the trumpet and become musically capable enough to win over serina's father . " trumpet of the swan " features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs . this effort would be better suited to saturday morning television than the big screen , but may be ok for the real small set .
[160]	neg	neg	yes	instead returned to the city and runs a squalid private pharmacy . in shame and disappointment fuentes asks the student what has happened to the others . the student tells him the others are still in the mountains , but suggests that it may not be a good place to be . fuentes goes off to find and visit the doctors , ignoring the advice of his family and a patient who happens to be an army general . the results are little different than one would expect . dr . fuentes starts out incredibly naive . even some american tourists , present in the film mostly for comic relief , seem to know better than dr . fuentes that things have gotten pretty bad in the mountains . but fuentes has to go from one scene of barbarity to another and discover how wrong he was . sayles certainly could have used 126 minute of screen time to tell us something more profound than that nasty things are happening down there and most of the worst happens to the unarmed civilians . the cast is mostly unknowns to american audiences . federico luppi is the good mexican actor who played the antique dealer torn by mysterious forces in cronos . damian delgado makes a late appearance as an army deserter . mandy patinkin has a small role made to look bigger in the trailer .
[161]	neg	neg	yes	seen in the past five years . oliver , i know your body of work is nothing to sniff at . you've been nice enough to limit us to only one doors movie , and films like platoon , jfk , wall street and nixon give us plenty to dig on . your scripts are certainly respectable , your budgets are up there on the screen , and your actors don't NOT_dog NOT_it . and i know that , maybe , with u-turn , you were just kicking back , just having fun . that's fine . but don't NOT_do NOT_that NOT_with NOT_a NOT_movie NOT_with NOT_the NOT_potential NOT_of NOT_this NOT_one . do some police academy sequel ( imagine that . ) do a big comedy , like a remake of it's a mad , mad , mad , mad world . but do not drop a limp u-turn out of your pocket and expect us to accept it as " an oliver stone movie , " and not question why it stinks like week-old snook . there's a right way to have fun , and a wrong way to have fun . this was as wrong as you can get without going to jail .
[162]	neg	neg	yes	beastmaster , the airwolf episodes , the `v' miniseries , the matrix , and the omega man . . . and decided to steal every scene he could for battlefield earth . christian even shoots every scene in a weird dutch angle titled left or right for every frame of the movie ! and every scene in the movie ends with a middle wipe -- really . the psychlos reminded me of a cross between jamaican basketball players with bad teeth and bloated hands and klingon extras working the star trek convention circuit . travolta's acting hasn't NOT_been NOT_this NOT_bad NOT_since NOT_the NOT_experts NOT_or NOT_maybe NOT_perfect . jonnie goodboy tyler evolves into william wallace with lines like `you can have your freedom if you fight ! ' then there's the script : the film just never convinces you that the plight of jonnie in teaching his fellow humans to fight and `take back the planet' would be a difficult task to achieve . why ? because terel provides all the necessary tools to incite a revolt -- for no particular reason beside the fact that `humans are stupid . ' terel may be right , you know . humans made this movie .
[163]	neg	neg	yes	and alan arkin ( a new age guru in a fright wig ) to crack wise . none of the stereotypes is successful except for walken ; azaria comes off as a preening queen when he's supposed to be macho . as for roth , in case you don't NOT_know , went from direcing revenge of the nerds ii to launching his own movie studio , revolution , which produced this work . he's back behind the camera for the first time in 11 years . it'll probably be another 11 before he's back again . i could drone on about how america's sweethearts will only appeal to the mouth-breathing morons who talk on their cell phones during the movies , but that would get old . instead , i'll settle for discussing the movie's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment . every single character in this film ( with the arguable exception of kiki ) is simply hateful , and putting them in a romantic comedy is a waste of a bunch of villains . when you leave the theater , you'll ask yourself , too : why would i want any of these jerks to be happy ?
[164]	neg	neg	yes	done . even the whole " matrix " ending wasn't NOT_even NOT_good . the stunts and action are badly filmed , and badly choreographed . his placing of the characters , and the assination of the chinese ambassador , and the plotting of the movie are so predictable and laughable , that it just takes all the fun out of the entire movie . anne archer who is usually good in her roles , turns in a horrible job here . she is sour , downbeat , and dreadfully dull with her forced dialogue , and dumb moves . even donald sutherland as a co-star can't NOT_save NOT_this NOT_movie NOT_from NOT_being NOT_a NOT_bust . so for an overall opinion : " the art of war " is a total waste of time . it's not entertaining , nor exciting , or even action packed . it is a pointless movie , and makes absolutely no sense at all . if you really want to see a good version of " the art of war " , rent the wesley snipes and sean connery action vehicle of the same kind " rising sun " , it isn't NOT_a NOT_great NOT_film NOT_either , but at least it's better than this .
[165]	neg	neg	yes	( especially for over two hours ) . if we must be exposed to the evils of the vegas world , why couldn't NOT_verhoeven NOT_have NOT_also NOT_made NOT_a NOT_point NOT_of NOT_highlighting NOT_the NOT_whispers , grunts , and other sounds during the dance numbers ? it's hard to care about these people if we can't NOT_even NOT_appreciate NOT_what NOT_they're NOT_capable NOT_of NOT_doing NOT_on-stage . berkley may have a future in hollywood because she can dance and she has a great body . after all , the world of porn is still an active , dishonourable profession . perhaps berkley could join their ranks and leave the real acting to pauly shore and cindy crawford . oops , they're bad actors , too . well , at least , they're not selfish and contemptable like good ol' slutty nomi malone . useless trivia--ironically , elizabeth berkley played virtuous and " holier than thou " jessie on the teeny-bopper tv show , " saved by the bell " , before breaking onto the big screen .
[166]	neg	neg	yes	? watching jackie doing his stuff in a kitchen , beating the bad guys with foodstuffs sounds like the perfect setup for innumerable comic stunts . the action is a mixed bag here . there's really only one no holds barred fight scenes that have become the trademark of jackie's films . it takes place in the arbitrary location of a construction site , apparently for the sole reason that there are lots of nifty things lying around that can be useful ala jackie chan . the action in the film is neither jackie's best nor worst , but you long for some more inspiration in the scenes . the film's gratuitous use of slow motion is distracting . once or twice , it may be useful to highlight a spectacular stunt sequence . but to slo-mo jackie running ? either this is a nod to the six-million dollar man , or a pathetic attempt to disguise the fact that jackie may be slowing down . if you've seen all of jackie's films and are in need of another fix , go ahead and see mr . nice guy . however , if you're just in the mood for some good action , you'd be better off hitting the video store for some of his better work , such as supercop .
[167]	neg	neg	yes	smoked and left . this continues for what seems like 6 hours . the film drags on and my headache gets bigger , while " fight club " nears what i think might be the end . unfortunately by then , the film hits rock bottom . though the conclusion kept my interest for a mere 5 minutes , it backs down again and continues to move at a snails pace . on a side note , the trailer shows the only redeeming elements of the film , that coincidentally lasts the same amount of time that they did on the trailer . fincher will hopefully regret making this film or at least learn a lesson . concentrating on the atmosphere or a particular key moment , won't NOT_do NOT_any NOT_good NOT_if NOT_everything NOT_else NOT_is NOT_in NOT_need NOT_of NOT_support . also , i'm afraid that immature men might respond to the film's violence . the last thing the world needs is people praising a leader of a pointless cult . when the film ends , i'm just glad to get home and take some advil . you'll either enjoy what the film has to offer , or agree with ed norton when he says " this is so f * * * ing stupid . "
[168]	neg	neg	yes	is winning in a role that requires her to do absolutely nothing except look apple-cheek cute and gawk at wilson , her real-life boyfriend . but the plot and the situations are so off-putting that nothing could save it . this movie desperately wants to get mentioned in the same breath as the coen brothers , but home fries' brand of laboured hipness would be foreign to geniuses like ethan and joel . it's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it's creepy . what's funny about threatening to gun down a pregnant woman with a machine gun ? ( unless the woman in question is a spice girl . ) take out the helicopters , the quasi-incestuous relationship between the mother and her sons ( it is absolutely illogical , within the movie's framework , that dorian still lives with his mother and brother ) , and the scenes of murder ( attempted and otherwise ) , and what are you left with ? the story of a single woman with child who works at a fast food joint ( but dreams of becoming a country singer ) . that could turn out to be the most boring movie ever made , but it'd be better than home fries .
[169]	neg	neg	yes	ease , as if he knows the territory he's covering is a harmless appetizer to accompany " henry , " a furious , unsettling film directorial tour- de-force . george clinton's score is a delight to behold . but it's the humans . the characters are mere devices for the " nasty " twists . what writer stephen peters does not grasp is this becomes tediously uninvolving , almost unbearable , if those who inhibit this twisted world are not interesting , don't NOT_feel NOT_real NOT_or NOT_we NOT_don't NOT_care NOT_for NOT_them . not even the unintentionally funny moments work . the people in " wild things " are not so much people as they are caricatures . then there's the erotic content , which nearly earned the film an nc-17 , for a sexless , badly edited , poorly lit menage-a-trois . and in what has to be one of the most flabbergastingly inept scenes that has graced this country , kevin bacon's member makes a cameo appearance with ten minutes to go . ironically , the wildest elements of " wild things " are not wild at all .
[170]	neg	neg	yes	. one of jaws' great scenes involved the would-be-ahabs drinking and singing songs and telling stories . this is the sort of male-bonding foreign to bay or his producer , jerry bruckheimer , who throw too many characters into the mix and expect we'll care about them on the grounds that the world is about to end . not once do we get the feeling that these characters are even acquaintances-i'd be surprised if these actors bothered to introduce themselves to one another before " action " was called . a male friend who loved the film suggested to me that perhaps i cannot relate to a bunch of men who don't NOT_bare NOT_their NOT_souls , who believe in dying macho concepts like heroism and a kind of chest-beating bravery . to this , i will respond that the boys in armageddon are neither heroic , nor brave , nor smart , even : this team couldn't NOT_build NOT_a NOT_birdhouse . and if i get no respect for disliking a movie with all the synthetic feeling of a trailer-a trailer for a movie written by a team of body-builders and greeting card authors-i've never been a prouder wimp my whole life .
[171]	neg	neg	yes	seen the commercials knows , the astronauts fail . they only end up breaking the comet into two pieces , which means even more destruction to the earth . yeah , thanks , nasa . that's when freeman has to come on tv for the last time and say goodbye to all the people who aren't NOT_picked NOT_to NOT_live NOT_in NOT_the NOT_missouri NOT_cave NOT_site NOT_for NOT_two NOT_years . they even have animals , two by two , ready to climb into the cave . if the focus had been on people living inside these caves after the world had been destroyed , deep impact could have been a far more interesting movie . instead we watch as a lovestruck elijah wood defies all odds to chase down his young wife , while people pack the highways out of town . the reasoning is , of course , that if a comet is going to strike , they might as well be out in some scenic rural location . and , amusingly , the highway is spotted with people in u-haul trucks . i'm sure it's comforting to know that , even though the world's ending in a matter of minutes , the u-haul people are doing the most business of their lives .
[172]	neg	neg	yes	. even the soundtrack is tired . more than anything i've seen from hollywood lately , city of angels smacks baldly of product -- it's a movie with a lousy script but a great look . critics have been quick to fault the direction of mtv veteran tim pope , but his work isn't NOT_that NOT_bad NOT_per NOT_se . he's got a good eye , and some intriguing visual ideas -- if anything , this movie has a few too many scenes of ridiculously striking imagery . his major stylistic failing is that he can't NOT_seem NOT_to NOT_direct NOT_an NOT_action NOT_scene , and the quick , nonsensical cutting that ensues is reminiscent of a low budget kung fu movie . but as director , he must also shoulder the blame for the little screenplay that wasn't , the performers who couldn't , and an apparent lack of ideas on the parts of everyone involved . who bought david s . goyer's anemic script , anyway ? the producers of this crow were either too dim to realize their story was doomed to be a hollow rehash , or too cynical to figure their audience would know the difference .
[173]	neg	pos	no	seems to be going places ) . writer/director kris isacsson has simply given them material so weak not even seasoned pros could pull it off . in fact the whole film feels like a reworking of last year's extremely unpleasant the story of us , for teen audiences . the direction is film-school-grad obvious . it's stylish in a hugely self conscious way which throws in split screen , a pointless parody of " cops , " characters walking into the flashbacks of other characters , and a hilariously cheesy airport meeting between prinze and stiles where all the extras move in fast motion while the couple moves in extreme slow motion . plus , the whole story is told flashback style , narrated by prinze and stiles directly addressing the camera . this is the second film in a row ( following wing commander ) starring freddie prinze jr . which should have premiered on the aisles of the local blockbuster but was likely saved from that fate due to the fluke success of she's all that . if he doesn't NOT_start NOT_making NOT_better NOT_choices NOT_fast NOT_his NOT_future NOT_films NOT_won't NOT_be NOT_so NOT_lucky .
[174]	neg	neg	yes	kink of choice among screenwriters who don't NOT_know NOT_the NOT_first NOT_thing NOT_about * really * kinky sex ) and smashed light bulbs . don't NOT_ask . another thing that people are starting to realize about explicit sex in movies is that unless it is critically important to the story , it's insanely dull . what's worse is that body of evidence is dull * everywhere * , not just in the sex scenes . the stuff in the courtroom is recycled ninth-hand from other bad courtroom drama scenes . the thriller business itself is ridiculous -- it involves nasal spray bottles and drugs , and juergen prochnow as a surly doctor . and the ending -- another homage to eszterhas , maybe ? -- is one of those endings where you can almost see the exact * frame * where one of the five or six various endings to this mess was spliced in . the director is uli edel , all the more disappointing since he also directed the elegiac and powerful last exit to brooklyn and christiane f . everyone has to eat , i guess , but this isn't NOT_a NOT_meal NOT_ticket , it's leftovers .
[175]	neg	neg	yes	mel gibson ) is fighting for freedom and against tyranny , so we have to root for him . but wallace's actions paint a different story . he speaks of freedom and acts of vengeance . though one intellectually realizes wallace is on the right side , the film paints an unconvincing emotional portait , in which wallace is just not as bad as the english king . wallace speaks of freedom , but his acts point toward vengeance . after kicking the english out of scotland , he decides to invade england . this is evident of a " spartacus complex " , and this example applies both historically and cinematically . the historical spartacus at one point moved from liberating slaves to sacking roman cities ; the film spartacus , like braveheart , has high production values and competent performaces and is dragged down by an awful screenplay . it is a shame that such an excellent score is part of such a terrible film . horner's score tries to make emotional connection , but the performances and the script do not help . gibson portrays wallace in such a way that the audience cannot relate to him or identify with him . this drags down any emotional connection to the film's plot , and turns three hours into a total waste of time .
[176]	neg	neg	yes	as a medical professional than jennifer lopez in " the cell . " writers david elliot , clay ayers and darcy meyers , along with first-time director joe charbanic ( helmer of music videos for reeves' band dogstar ) , dwell on the warped thrill of the methodology and the chase , revealing , early on , exactly whodunit since the killer says he and the cop " need each other to give meaning to our lives . " plus , as reeves explains , " we're all stacked right on top of each other , but we don't NOT_notice NOT_each NOT_other NOT_any NOT_more . " after that , it's all sound effects and tricky camera-work , along with a muddled , discordant soundtrack . james spader's acting technique can be described as 'wooden deadpan' while keanu reeves maintains his perpetually monotone 'dude' persona which sometimes works , sometimes doesn't . chris ellis , as spader's self-important colleague , is the only cast member who manages to be convincing . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the watcher " is an appallingly awful , amateurish 2 . the real torture is watching it .
[177]	neg	pos	no	characters on screen , often laughing at each other's goofy/embarrassing antics , seemed far more amused than the audience . even the giggly 12-year old girls had grown restless toward the end as they waited impatiently for the formula to run it's course . the one mildly clever segment featured winkler and prinze jr . in a fantasy sequence called `cooks' , a `cops' take-off in which the father and son would storm houses and cook a decent meal for ? needy' families ( with the assistance of a fully-armed swat team , of course ) . when this is the highlight reel , you know the remaining film could leave something to be desired . in order to make a teen comedy work , you've got to have characters that show something by way of depth and identity . `10 things i hate about you' actually featured characters who were more than walking flashcards , and the result was refreshing . no such luck with `down to you' . it's just a textbook romance where , despite absurd circumstances , everything is bound to work out in the end . and at the end of the whole clich ? d ordeal , the nicest thing you could possibly say would be ` . . . . only in the movies' .
[178]	neg	neg	yes	once again proves to be a strong and resourceful heroine , but that is about it . although 1998's " halloween : h20 " was also a disappointment , at least she was given a few scenes to develop a character , unlike here . donald sutherland has fallen on hard times recently by starring in thoroughly disposable films , such as 1994's " the puppet masters , " although i just watched him in the superb 1978 sci-fi classic " invasion of the body snatchers , " where he was fabulous . the last of the three top-billers is william baldwin , but it is fairly hard to say if he is good or not in the picture , since he has nothing to do . basically , " virus " is another one of those films where a group of people walk around and investigate a space ship/ocean liner/haunted house until the deadly and equally grotesque and slimy creature pops up and kills them one-by-one . it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks such as this ? as long as some of them keep making money , i suspect the answer is never .
[179]	neg	neg	yes	instead godzilla is afflicted with the after-school g . i . joe cartoon syndrome , where almost everyone seems to get out of harm's way just in time . in a couple of scenes , godzilla briefly breathes fire . none of the characters even remark upon this ability , nor is it used to any particular advantage by the filmmakers . it's as if the special effects people just wanted to show that yes , godzilla can do this , just like in the old movie . consider another punch pulled . through creative script writing , you can make a sequel out of just about any movie , but the final scene in this one doesn't NOT_just NOT_leave NOT_the NOT_door NOT_open , it opens into a hallway leading directly into a room where godzilla ii is waiting patiently . it made me want to gag . emmerich should have done away with 90% of the humor and in-jokes and played this one as a straight action film . with an intelligently written screenplay , godzilla could have been so much more . however , by confusing the viewer with a ton of add-ins and parodies , the movie ends up being something that just doesn't NOT_work . now if they only had raymond burr . . . .
[180]	neg	neg	yes	, quick cuts , etc . the lighting is also interesting . however , looks can't NOT_save NOT_this NOT_film NOT_from NOT_the NOT_depths NOT_of NOT_mediocre , and the film seemed to work better in a single set anyway . the screenplay is o . k , but there's some hackneyed sub-plot about douglas being a ruthless player on wall street ( again ) and the ending is surprisingly stupid and cliched . the characters also make incredibly dumb moves , especially paltrow , and stephen appears to lose all intelligence in the last reel . with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment . there are a few bright moments , but they are far and few between . the last thing a thriller should be is boring , and although the film just barely manages to keep your interest thanks to michael douglas , you wouldn't NOT_be NOT_missing NOT_anything NOT_if NOT_you NOT_decided NOT_not NOT_to NOT_watch NOT_a NOT_perfect NOT_murder . overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes
[181]	neg	neg	yes	killer deliberately stages murders in order to bring dietz to the investigation . fans of the british tv films and mini-series like prime suspect or cracker would probably see a lot of similarities relentless series of movies . they both feature vicious psychopathic killers , yet also give a lot of , usually depressive , details about chief investigator's private lives . this one isn't NOT_an NOT_exception , but similarities with british television are only in content . the execution and style is different , which makes this film mediocre piece of entertainment at best . useless , gratuitous erotica also doesn't NOT_help NOT_either , obviously making this film longer than it should be . the actors are good , though - leo rossi is fine as usual , and william forsythe plays one of more compelling villains in his career . signy coleman as dietz's love interest , is , on the other hand , quite miscast . but she won't NOT_have NOT_to NOT_worry NOT_about NOT_it NOT_in NOT_the NOT_future NOT_career , since relentless 3 wasn't NOT_supposed NOT_to NOT_be NOT_anybody's NOT_finest NOT_moment NOT_anyway .
[182]	neg	neg	yes	father to return . now it seems that claudia is about to make the same mistakes . at only a little past ninety minutes , no looking back is rather short for its genre . unfortunately , it seems much much longer . the storyline is simple and uninspired , and there's a lack of energy to the whole proceedings , which makes the entire drama rather tedious . edward burns makes a misstep by casting himself in the crucial role as the egomaniacal old flame . there's no one to restrain his ego , which reigns unchecked . he walks into the room and lauren holly swoons . . . yeah , right . lauren holly does what she can with her central character . but we never understand why her character makes such pathetically bad decisions . . . and we never really care . bon jovi is the only sympathetic character in the whole movie . his acting talents are much greater than they might seem , but he is given a mostly bland and ineffective role to work with . there's not much to recommend in no looking back . it's not that the film is bad . . . it's simply boring . there's no zest in any aspect of the film , and no reason to spend ninety minutes watching it .
[183]	neg	neg	yes	of frustrated anger tinged with indecency and overworked premises that end up drawing energy away from any type of empathy one might feel for the central themes of the story . its also a damn shame that the makeup magic of rick baker -- who worked on the original nutty professor and won an academy award for his work on an american werewolf in london -- and amazing digital special effects that enabled murphy to interact with himself in such beautiful motions are built around such a lame story line . even the best effects can't NOT_seem NOT_to NOT_save NOT_the NOT_most NOT_pathetic NOT_of NOT_movies NOT_these NOT_days . now that i think about it , the worst thing about this film has to be all the money that it will make . people will be lined up around the block for it . the studios will concoct the a sequel for release in the summer of 2002 . eddie murphy will be signed up to take not just one role or five roles , but he'll play every character in the movie . i just can't NOT_wait NOT_to NOT_see NOT_eddie NOT_murphy NOT_in NOT_a NOT_love NOT_scene NOT_with NOT_himself .
[184]	neg	neg	yes	has nowhere to go . they certainly don't NOT_increase NOT_the NOT_tension NOT_or NOT_suspense NOT_of NOT_the NOT_movie . there is small thread of suspense running through the film , but it certainly doesn't NOT_make NOT_this NOT_film NOT_a NOT_powerhouse NOT_thriller , rather just a slightly below average one . the script is lousy and contrived , the characters flat and two dimensional . certainly not good factors for a film passing itself off for a thriller . the most depressing aspect of the film is that it had potential . there's a good story buried in snake eyes , it's just bogged down in razzle dazzle and flashbacks . it also gives itself away far too quickly , rather than leaving the big twist for the end . while the performances are intriguing , especially by newcomer carla gugino as a sexy 'number cruncher' wrapped up in the case , there's no way of altering the fact that snake eyes is a terminal case of style of substance , and unless you're a big fan of either cage or flash directing , should be avoided . a david wilcock review ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes
[185]	neg	neg	yes	. the funny ( yes , i used the word 'funny' ) thing about this movie is that i heard more chortling and giggling ( maybe it was my giggling ) than i heard screaming . this movie boils down to a mindless slashfest that never conjures up any amount of wry wit or even a quirky campiness . there isn't NOT_even NOT_any NOT_suspense NOT_that NOT_leads NOT_up NOT_to NOT_the NOT_deaths . here's an appropriate example . knock-knock . " housekeeping " , says the diminuitive cleaning lady . the door suddenly opens up . slash . next victim ! is there any reason to go and see this movie ? not unless you want to see four uninteresting college kids run around in circles for about 90 minutes . but i do want to say one thing about this movie that satisfied me . i was thoroughly irritated with tyrell , who incessantly ranted and raved about his sexual libido . i secretly wished for him to get filleted . did he get 'hooked' ? well , let's just say that if he didn't , i would give this film a grade of " d " .
[186]	neg	neg	yes	hard to see why lucas chose him when there are better child actors out there . he's not even very 'cute . ' the main claim of the film , the special effects , are okay . there's nothing impressive about them , yet they complement the story well . the cgi takes away much of the human element , however . the battle droids for example , the replacement for the stormtroopers , are characterless little computer graphics , lacking the humour and humanness that came from the stormtroopers . episode 1 is just disappointing . it's got high production values , but little else . the music is meandering , except near the end . the plot gives us no-one to root for , or even care for . the effects are nice , but dull . the plot goes on for half an hour longer than it should . there's an air of manufacturing among the whole sorry affair , and many clich ? s are catered for throughout the film . apart from a remotely exciting pod race sequence , episode 1 is a dry affair that serves little purpose , except to make money and to get us to watch episode 2 to see what happens to the many unfinished plot lines in the film . disappointing is barely the word . rating=
[187]	neg	neg	yes	. the killing scenes are so obviously faked that they go to the point of threatening the viewer's intelligence . a girl gets hacked with a knife and enough blood comes out to do one friday the 13th movie . are we trying to see how unrealistic we can get ? the continuity department was obviously asleep ( along with the viewers ) when watching this film . in one shot , actress has cloths on , camera angle changes , actress seems to have lost clothing . very impressive trick ! the one ( half ? ) plus that this film has going for it , is that in many places it is unintentionally hilarious . the incompetence behind the film makes it incredibly funny , and so the viewer can get some enjoyment ( ? ! ! ? ) from the film . however , this doesn't NOT_make NOT_it NOT_worth NOT_the NOT_rental NOT_fee NOT_of NOT_over NOT_a NOT_penny . in the acting department , the only thing i can say is two thumbs squared and one head down . i would normally do a detailed paragraph on this topic , but there is no point here because there is nobody that i was impressed with in the least . oh well , win some , lose some .
[188]	neg	neg	yes	the film . only a quick cameo from norm macdonald ( and a follow up joke during the closing credits ) generates any chuckles . deuce bigalow : male gigolo is available on dvd from touchstone home video ( a division of di$ney ) . the disc includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , and features the original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for mystery alaska , happy texas , and outside providence ) , an extremely brief production featurette ( which contains footage not used in the film ) , and storyboard-to-scene comparisons . yep , you read that right . . . there are storyboard comparisons on this dvd . two scenes are storyboarded . . . neither of which are particularly exciting . there are fight scenes in this movie , so why aren't NOT_we NOT_seeing NOT_storyboards NOT_of NOT_those NOT_segments ( especially the parody moments from the matrix ) ? i wonder what's funnier : the fact that any moment in this film required storyboards or that di$ney thought fans of this film would want to see them ? deleted scenes ? sure . audio commentary ? you betcha . but storyboards ? come on . [r]
[189]	neg	neg	yes	is inane and uninteresting , the plot meanders in a pointless and irritating manner ( although it doesn't NOT_take NOT_long NOT_for NOT_the NOT_viewer NOT_to NOT_determine NOT_that NOT_the NOT_story NOT_is NOT_largely NOT_unimportant ) , and the symbolism is obvious . tectonic plates is trying to show that human interaction is as volatile as unpredictable as the shifting of the earth , but it takes one-hundred minutes to get across this transparent point . there are some worthwhile moments , such as a silly sword fight between jacques and the topless goddess and an entertaining discussion in both french and english about the differences between the two languages ( although the fine points will certainly be lost on those who aren't NOT_bilingual ) . the only people likely to enjoy tectonic plates are those who feel a strong need to praise something this rootless and boring because ( a ) it's different , ( b ) it's not like anything they've seen before , and ( c ) it's pretentious . for everyone else , it's not only a waste of time , but a poor introduction to the work of robert lapage .
[190]	neg	neg	yes	that should be in the golden turkey awards . it's as if the director was trying to do one of those classic romance stories that were done in the 30's about tragedy among the gentry , and falling in love with people below your station , and horses . lots and lots of horses . the film opens with a stallion mounting a mare under the direction of her ladyship , which i guess is some kind of foreshadowing , because the missus of the house wants to have her son produce an heir . unfortunately , said son , a reckless idiot who faints at the very worst times , kills his father and loses an arm during a racing accident . highlights include the amputation sequence ; the doctor's daughter , who has the hots for the son , tasting his urine for a diagnosis ; their tender kissing with a window between them ( while it's raining--you'd think a woman studying medicine would know better ) . the photography is good , but i kept wishing for b&w--everything seems sepia-colored anyway . actually , i wished i was watching swimming to cambodia instead , but that's life . grade : z . avoid like the plague , unless you're looking for inadvertent yuks .
[191]	neg	neg	yes	eggs on board the wrecked escape pod hatches , and soon a newly-gestated alien is running amuck . worse , it looks like ripley herself has been impregnated . what's weird is how little tension this generates , except near the end , when the pressure is being troweled on through every cheap cinematic form of cheating imaginable : loud music , shaky camerawork , etc . sigourney weaver has become comfortable with the role , and she does well with it , but this time the role has been underwritten and left slack . the supporting actors are also not given a lot to do : the doctor ( charles dance ) and another , rather religious inmate ( charles s . dutton , very good ) , hiave presence , but they're not asked to do anything with it . in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie . it's strange that some of the desperate and improvisational thinking that they found to wind up this story couldn't NOT_have NOT_driven NOT_the NOT_rest NOT_of NOT_it .
[192]	neg	neg	yes	" megan mullally who can be funny . the standout performance is the voice of nick turturro as monkey bone himself , he is very funny and entertaining and really keeps the film from being a total bust . the special effects of " monkey bone " is what might really bring in some curious viewers , these special effects are highly effective , and nice to look at with the eyes . some of them are believable and some unbelievable . . . for monkey bone he seems to be like stuart little , you really don't NOT_realize NOT_that NOT_he NOT_is NOT_animated . . . but on occasion it sneaks up on you . the direction by henry selick is good , but at times he doesn't NOT_know NOT_what NOT_kind NOT_of NOT_film NOT_he NOT_wants NOT_to NOT_make , and the ending climax falls off the cliff . it's too bad really , " monkey bone " could have been a real good movie , but with it's heavily done hack job , and lack of character development it just sinks when the end credits role . for those curious however , it might be worth the rental , but other than that avoid this one .
[193]	neg	neg	yes	numerous comparisons can be made with this movie to past sci-fi , suspense thrillers . soldier is a multi ? crossbreed between the likes of terminator , aliens and offspring . the problem with such mixed genes is that the final product is a real mongrel ? not well made and should have been put down before production got off the ground . besides this , the action is mediocre when compared to the standard action flicks of this day and age . the fight scenes between jason scott lee and kurt russell seem laboured , slow and sluggish , and could have done with better choreography . russell who is usually a good actor in b-grade action flicks is unusually hampered by his character ? sergeant todd , who seems more like a sergeant toad . besides having almost no dialogue , his character appears stunted , zombie-like which is in line with his screen persona , but scores little points of empathy with the audience . this movie has not made me change my opinion about director paul anderson , whose last epic event horizon has left an unusually bitter taste in my mouth . although this movie does not come anywhere close to the strangeness of former , it is still a long way from anything considered desirable .
[194]	neg	neg	yes	days of slavery , of master and slave relations . the film was all about pimp style and their projected image , as they run a hard-sell riff about the virtues of their work . there are different styles of pimping , but the film mentions them only as being " macks " and " players " or " real pimps " and " perpetrator pimps , " but no further clarity is attempted . it is also failed to get the women's side to this story of abuse , primarily taking the pimp at his word . the film could never get to the core of what makes the pimp think in such a perverted way as he does , as the filmmakers were taking for a ride by the pimps , who were looking only to pose in front of the camera and say their thing , hungry for their 15-minutes of fame . the only laughs i got out of this bleak look at an american subculture , was hearing how a few pimps retired and what they are now up to . danny brown became a blues singer so he could keep his pimp's wardrobe . while a hollywood pimp called rosebudd , married his ho and turned square , working to support his wife and daughter as a telemarketer .
[195]	neg	neg	yes	. green's flummoxing of a security guard with psychotic ramblings and his attempt to draw , make music and eat at the same time ( the 'daddy would you like some sausages' scene repeatedly shown in the film's trailer ) are inspired comedy . but what's funny about a paraplegic girlfriend who gets turned on by having her legs caned or a skateboarding injury that results in an exposed kneecap ? a baby delivery bit shows some groan-inducing promise until enough blood is splattered to coagulate the laughs . younger ( by three years ) brother freddy's internment at the institute for sexually abused children does nothing but confirm one's worst fears regarding the film's title and green's infamous 'handling' of a real horse , while not nearly as shocking as it would seem , doesn't NOT_make NOT_sense . by the time he repeats the gag with an elephant at film's end , the overall effect is numbness . while " freddy got fingered " has the admirable end result of depicting the harm in demeaning a child's self esteem , it's essentially a whole lot of tom green running around being noisy . rip torn , what were you thinking ?
[196]	neg	neg	yes	NOT_complex . yet wrapped in elizabethan english , the dialogue becomes difficult to comprehend . for this alone it will be a problem for modern audiences unschooled in shakespeare and in search of nothing more than a good , undemanding laugh . the only laughs to escape my belly were brought on by the gloriously inept performance of keanu reeves , the actor once again miscast as a jealous half-brother or something . but when dissected and understood , what it all boils down to is that this stuff is just so goddamn lame . this is comedy so clean and nice and corny and so devoid of danger that it leaves this viewer totally cold . ho , ho , ho , boy likes girl ! ho , ho , ho , men are such klutzes ! ho , ho , ho , she's so awfully clumsy ! oh please ! there's wit in here somewhere , i'm told . i call it pretentious . something lightweight striving to be something sophisticated through clever wordplay . in the end , it's cringeworthy . watching some of the cinema patrons around me collapse with laughter made much ado about nothing a very weird movie going experience . comedy ? bah , humbug !
[197]	neg	neg	yes	and the film descended into a huge black hole , whereby it never recovered its dignity . the film moves into the formula mode , whereas grace beats the odds against her failing to survive , as she meets an international drug dealer , a frenchman ( tcheky karyo ) , who is first seen threatening to cut off her fingers but later becomes her business partner and husband as she becomes a millionaire and writes a best selling fiction book about her experiences , thereby becoming a celebrity . things work out in a ridiculous way , where there is a total breakdown in the character development of grace , where this matronly figure suddenly becomes merely a cartoon figure instead of live flesh and blood . there are a lot of silly giggles that come forth and the film has just enough of an acting performance by brenda blethyn to breathe air into it before it comes to its belated finale , as it drones on with its transparently gratuitous upbeat tone , until it makes the audience feel good that the sweet old lady succeeded . this 'unhip' film leaves one with the impression that smoking and growing pot is silly , but should be tolerated as something naughty middle-aged widows screwed by their terrible former husbands must do in order not to remain destitute . ummm !
[198]	neg	pos	no	NOT_really NOT_care NOT_what NOT_happens NOT_to NOT_them . well , i didn't , at least . one thing i will give the movie is that it's a complete departure for tony danza . here's a guy , because of his many sitcom roles , who's ingrained in the consciousness as a nice guy who always does the right thing . here , he plays a man who's just looking out for himself , and if that means he needs to kill in order to save his own skin , so be it . i was very impressed by his performance , and within minutes of the start of the film , i had forgotten all about his good-guy persona . michael madsen is also good as an associate of danza's who spends half the movie buddying up to him and the other half trying to kill him . like i said , it's not exactly a linear storyline . " love to kill " should be praised for trying to do something different with the well worn crime genre , but it's just too bad that the story doesn't NOT_really NOT_add NOT_up NOT_to NOT_much . the stars deserved better , and so did the audience .
[199]	neg	neg	yes	( dianne steinberg ) ? ya know , the diamond possessing girl who hangs out in the sky ? well , there's some crazy chick singing soprano on the roof of a building next to a bus stop , and i assume that's who it was . it's movies like this that make ya sit back and ask the unanswerable question , " what the hell were they thinking ? ? ? " nobody will ever know , but as a novelty , sgt . pepper's is one to examine . carol channing , robert palmer , keith carradine - they're all here . but why ? ? ? ? who knows . it's irrelevant . there's as much meaning to be found here as there is to be found in your belly-button lint , although the latter may be more interesting . with the recent onslaught of 70's nostalgia in the movie world ( the ice storm , boogie nights , reissues of the star wars trilogy , etc . ) , let's pray this doesn't NOT_get NOT_a NOT_special NOT_20th NOT_anniversary , second-chance in theaters . in the words of paul mccartney , live and let die . in fact , bury this one while you still can .