index	gold	prediction	correct	text
[0]	pos	pos	yes	. from plastic covered furniture to carefully coifed contestants , the images ring true from that era of rampant consumerism , of a generation that had gone through 15 years of depression and world war without " disposable income , " before the manifestation of its american dream . the film deftly weaves several themes together , from assimilation and exclusion of jews from " the good life , " to the lengths that a scion of a literary family will go to to match his father's fame . though the 50s audience that is " rocked " by this scandal may initially seem naive to us , they should appear all too familiar , with our current national passion for the rise and fall of icons like michael jackson or tonya harding . charles van doren and herbie stemple were the overnight mega celebrities of their day . the tv audience is almost a fourth main character , always at the center of the decisions being made on their behalf . at the film's end , the credits roll past slow motion footage of that same 50s tv audience , mindlessly laughing at some piece of fluff . like the distorted mirror that captured a blurred swastika at the end of cabaret , this " mirror " may reflect an image we're not all that comfortable with .
[1]	pos	pos	yes	pissed off , exchanged , bought , sold , injected , smuggled , enjoyed and regretted . if that isn't your cup of tea , nobody forced you to see the film . stay at home and rent up close and personal . and what's a buzz without tunes . from pulp to iggy pop ( yes , he's still alive ) , the aural landscape is as engaging as the visual energy permeating the film . good and bad vibrations tangle like the conflicting desires and values of the message . every once in a while , a film comes along with the kind of energetic filmmaking that matches the intensity of its characters it hopes to depict . trainspotting is that shooting star that burns across a sky littered with static constellations . dom is a part-time filmmaker who graduated from northwestern university's radio/tv/film programme not too long ago . he has laboured on various music videos and short films in and around campus and chicago . nowhere town , a 26min short film that he shot , co-directed and co-produced recently scooped up the grand jury prize at the charleston international film festival for best student production . he is currently finishing a couple of small projects . with his minute amounts of leisure time , dom does nell impersonations .
[2]	pos	pos	yes	problem . the main flaw in this film , which prevents it from earning four stars , is that it seems like spielberg and franzoni can't quite handle all of these issues at the same time , so instead they settle for addressing each one separately and simply editing the results into the same movie . this summer's contact , for example , dealt with several issues at once , but each of them was somehow present in almost every scene and , most importantly , all of them were resolved at once . " amistad " tries to pull it all together in the end with a speech from adams , but it somehow feels a little forced , and in any case the speech itself , which lasts almost fifteen minutes , wears out its welcome about halfway through . perhaps the best way to describe it is this : " amistad " is three four star films edited into one . almost every individual scene works , but the final product is lacking the necessary focus and coherence , and thus is less than the sum of its parts . however , i can't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus i recommend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery .
[3]	pos	pos	yes	mother's walls , bubby dons a priest's collar stolen from his father , a church organ-playing atheist lectures him on the necessity of unbelief , the woman who redeems him is named angel . the manifold stresses of our world do not shatter bubby's mind , do not fragment him into psychosis ; rather , the world accomodates him , and heals him . although de heer's touch is at times overbearing , bubby's salvation is touching ; what seemd at first a harsh lesson in the damaging effects of the social construction of reality becomes a na ? ve humanist tale of improbable hope . a hapless rock group write a song about bubby and sing it for him and so give him the gift of community . he returns the favour when he steps on stage one night and becomes their frontman , turning the fragmented impressions of his experiences into performance art , and turning the band into a popular draw . innocence triumphs . bubby becomes a holy fool , an idiot savant , and graces us with wisdom . it's a strange turn of events , but by now we shouldn't be surprised , because bad boy bubby ain't like other movies .
[4]	pos	pos	yes	. we then meet the players in this gem of a movie , who all have their own reasons for joining the class . later on , we meet aoki at the dance studio ( naoto takenaka ) , a co-worker and all out weirdo and one of the laugh riot highlights of the film . the story , laughs , and touching scenes evolve as the movie goes along . it's a pleasure to watch such a wonderful film that is propelled almost solely by the characters and performances . it's difficult to explain the charms of the film without revealing too much - the movie abounds with little revelations that subtly shape the characters , and in the end , each one is that much fuller and more understood by the time you leave the theater . it's one of those movies that only the french seem to make anymore - no big plot , no special effects , no gunplay , no tragic consequences , no forced examinations of the nature of love , and no insights into the nature of evil . just a warm , funny , endearing film that will charm the pants off of you . when was the last time you left a theater feeling all warm and fuzzy inside ? " shall we dance " will do that to you without any treacly aftertaste .
[5]	pos	pos	yes	questioning . at this point the movie plot thickens considerably as she is romantically involved with the president's spiritual advisor . a strong point which propelled the movie is the depth of its main characters played by foster and mcconaughey . from the very first meeting scene , it is obvious that the two of them was sort of kindred spirits but they were worlds apart in almost all aspects , foster being a person drawn to science and facts and mcconaughey being one who believes in faith , hope and the power of the unseen . the meeting of their worlds , added with the situation which they are put into makes the entire storytelling process near flawless . many people who read the synopsis of this film would find it a tad too ridiculous , but by actually immersing yourself in it , gives you an entirely different perspective ; one which is free from bias and pre-conceptions . zemeckis and his team of screen writers have done a remarkable job in telling this tale through film . contact works by not delving in controversy but rather , touches the thinking audience , urging them to ponder upon the questions raised in the film concerning fact and faith ; whether one can actually find compromise within . i consider contact as one of the must-sees for this year .
[6]	pos	pos	yes	best known for her work as rocky the squirrel and natasha fatale ( as in boris and natasha ) . marni nixon , who provides grandmother fa's singing voice , is the same vocalist who dubbed the voices for anna in the king and i , maria in west side story , and eliza in my fair lady . with this in mind , hearing grandmother fa is like listening to a little piece of history . mulan is the latest disney animated feature to get away from some of the eurocentrism which for so long dominated disney films . in an effort to be culturally sensitive ( and to avoid a " miss saigon " -type debacle ) , disney has also wisely chosen to employ many asian-american actors for both lead and supporting roles . in addition to the actors already mentioned , the cast includes such ubiquitous talents as james hong , gedde watanabe , james shigeta , and george takei . i guess clyde kusatsu wasn't available . at a running time of slightly under an hour and a half , mulan moves quickly and provides solid entertainment for both children and , happily , adults . this is the kind of disney feature that makes you wonder what they will do next , rather than hope that the next one is better .
[7]	pos	pos	yes	nuttgens and features an evocative score , courtesy peter nashel . but it owes everything to british actress tilda swinton . swinton , whose pale-faced ethereal beauty has graced many of derek jarman's films ( " caravaggio , " " edward ii , " " the last of england " ) , plays margaret hall in " the deep end " and , like charlotte rampling in this year's " under the sand , " turns in a commanding and accomplished performance . margaret is a devoted mother who is willing to risk everything to protect the ones she loves , and swinton captures every frustration , every fear , every subtle examination and every fervent realization and every nervous oscillation of her being . the role calls for an extremely wide range of emotions none the least of which is simply playing a mother beset with a multitude of domestic responsibilities . many can relate to that , of course ; it's the murder cover-up and the blackmail and the fear of losing one's son that swinton so gracefully , so graciously , makes resonate with the truest of colors . the end is deep all right , and there isn't a single shallow moment in tilda swinton's canon .
[8]	pos	neg	no	his body , and attempts to destroy the entire universe . not bad , eh ? ( i have no idea why i just typed that . i'm not even really paying attention anymore . ) the special effects are good yet dissapointing in men in black . i found their main headquarters to be boring , as were the " cool weapons " they had . the noisy cricket just plain sucked , no matter what anyone said . and the movie definitely surprised me in tone , although it probably shoudln't have . it's director , barry sonnenfield , is known for " black humor " , directing both addams family movies . this movie was basically a " black comedy " , not an action/sci-fi like i expected from the trailers . don't get me wrong on what i think of this movie . it's not bad , i gave it * * * . it was mostly entertaining throughout it's run , and had a very good ending , although i think i was the only person in the theater not amazed by it . my diagnosis for this picture : a good weekend rental , but not worth a movie ticket . of course , the movie is now long gone from theaters , but that's beside the point . i think .
[9]	pos	pos	yes	is a crime scene ! " and teams up with a conscientious " phi beta capsule " 12-hour cold remedy called drixenol ( david hyde pierce ) to chase down and destroy the deadly " red death " virus ( laurence fishburne ) that's determined to take frank down in 48 hours , beating ebola and e . coli to a medical record . watch out for mucus mudslides , chaos in cerebellum hall and the detritus from booger dam ( runny nose ) , along with comic turns from molly shannon and chris elliot , plus the voices of william shatner and brandy norwood . peter and bobby farrelly , along with writer mark hyman and animation directors piet kroon and tom sito , have turned their penchant for gross-out comedy , encompassing flatulence , festering sores and " popping a pimple without a permit , " into a funny , farrelly-funny family film . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " osmosis jones " is a wildly imaginative , original , explosive 7 . and perhaps , as they're laughing , kids will learn where to find their uvula , along with nuggets about nutrition and hygiene .
[10]	pos	pos	yes	the hunt for his wife , but instead becomes a scared , confused everyman who has no idea what the hell is going on . when we do find out what has happened to amy , it does come as a slight disappointment , if only because it's too early in the film ; i for one could have done with an extra twenty minutes or so of mystery and bewilderment , but this affects the film little . russell , as mentioned earlier , is very good in his role , and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near as annoying as she was in apollo 13 . j . t . walsh , as the possibly evil truck driver , is terrific ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of character actors hollywood doesn't seem to know what to do with , but director jonathan mostow is on the right track here . the reason he makes such a great villain is that he actually looks like a real person , one anyone would be able to trust , which makes the plot that much more believable . breakdown is what hollywood doesn't make enough of , a great thriller with believable characters and scenes that do , indeed , have viewers on the edge of their seats . one of the most genuinely exciting films i've seen in a long time .
[11]	pos	pos	yes	of enthusiasm with her role , and steals several scenes of her own ( though her personality becomes slightly annoying when she isn't fighting ) . michael biehn gives a very nice performance in the most obligatory role of the film . however , biehn does a good job , making it seem original again . paul reiser may seem like an odd choice to play the sleazy corporate director , but reiser manages to pull it off quite well ( however , i still see him as paul on tv's " mad about you " ) . a very good cast ( which also includes bill paxton and william hope ) highlights this action film , making it stand out from others . aliens is rightfully rated r for violence , gore , language , and terror . aliens is sort of the redefining moment of the science fiction genre , as alien was more of a suspense/horror film . aliens pumps up the stakes , and cameron directs it with professional quality . cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film , but here he proves how he can create some truly horrific moments on screen . technically astonishing , aliens' only flaw is small characters who are only there to get killed . aside from this , you probably won't experience anything like aliens for quite a while .
[12]	pos	pos	yes	he enjoy being a lawyer ? opinion : the good news is that this movie has a happy ending , and it features a guy trying to do the right thing . director francis ford coppola does this film a little differently than the stereotypical law movie . in the typical lawyer movie there's one big case and the movie focuses on solving it , and somewhere along the line surprise witnesses and motives turn up before the good guy wins ( after lots of gripping courtroom drama ) . however , coppola's movie is deliberately more low key . 'the rainmaker' plays out like a personality sketch of young rudy as he gets emotionally involved with and tries to save various little quirky side characters . in the background rudy's voice narrates his feelings and makes half-cynical jokes about the legal profession in general . two factors combine to make this movie less heavy than it can be . first , rudy's time is split juggling three cases , rather than concentrating on a single high-stakes case . also , rudy's use of voice narration in place of acting makes the film lose some of its dramatic edge . the end result is an entertaining low key law movie where the good guys win , and rudy narrates his way into coming of age .
[13]	pos	pos	yes	out from the rest for me : it was actually watchable . what most hail as the greatest american film ever , casablanca isn't so much a love story as a political frenzy with a love triangle thrown in . it seems that star humphry bogart spend about 85 percent of the movie with various leaders of the nation instead of with ingred bergman . that annoyed me , as did the ending . why didn't the plan turn around ? ! ? surprisingly , i enjoyed the film . i liked bogart's character and his acting ( not over the top as most actors in his era ) . i once read about if you had a choice to be in a movie , which one would it be , and a women said casablanca . at first i was thinking to myself " why ? " then , as i watched the film again , i understood why . the movie is very well done and the script top-notch , although i doubt i understood more than half of the political mumbo jumbo . casablanca is , in my mind , no classic ( like solaris ) , but it is a good film and stylishly shot . hey , hollywood , how about this : a remake with harrison ford and anne heche ? now that would be a classic .
[14]	pos	pos	yes	20 twenty minutes or so , the film is in comedy mode . the action , at least what there is of it , is prime cut stuff . wong , after numerous hong kong features , makes quite a nice u . s . debut . however , his pacing is a bit off , with the action sequences only bookending the movie and not lasting long enough . they start off electrifying and fresh , but just kinda stop . normally , this would hamper a movie to the point of being unenjoyable . luckily , we have ben ramsey's screenplay , a bitingly funny piece of work . the only problem is there might be too much humor , one joke makes you laugh so hard you miss the next few . some of best gags include an oriental film maker down on his luck and one of mel's hitmen pals that has just discovered onanism . the only problem is how some of the minor characters are handled , some being there only for a laugh , which sometimes works , sometimes doesn't . overall , the big hit may have it's flaws , but it makes up for them in a stylishly directed , gut-wrenchingly funny joyride . definately one of the better ways to spend two hours .
[15]	pos	pos	yes	could have added up to little more than a distinguished episode of " masterpiece theater " , even with its current cast of thoroughbreds intact , were martha fiennes not at the helm . an mtv background ( she cut her teeth directing rock videos for xtc and others ) has positively influenced her sense of pace ( though , thankfully , not her shot lengths-no spasmodic cutting here ) ; at just over 100 minutes , _onegin_ clicks along like a brisk walk through valleys of despair . the film has an atypical period look , as well . absent are the sumptuous tableware and antique furnishings that stand in for plot and character in those drippy merchant ivory productions . the sets are almost expressionistically bare , echoing the loneliness of the protagonists . ( cinematographer remi adafarasin often allows space to engulf them ; i'm reminded the climax , which unfolds in a sea of white . ) martha fiennes has a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most lucid translation of pushkin's difficult text yet . ms . fiennes may be the most exciting female presence behind a camera since jane campion .
[16]	pos	pos	yes	after ulee's two granddaughters . ulee promises he will bring it to them and takes a deranged helen back to his serene little home where her two children that she abandoned scrutinize her with contempt . ulee is a man who lost his pals in war- he was the only man in his platoon to survive . he refuses help from anybody and does not respond to affectionate gestures . he is a bitter , closed-off man whose only passion is his beekeeping , his granddaughters , and his dead wife . connie , his next door neighbor , finally gets through to him with friendly favors . she is a nurse and helps helen get through her turmoil with drugs . ulee's gold is the story of a man who believes he is fine as he is- until the truth is revealed painfully to him : he is cold and unfeeling . of course , in the end , ulee softens up , but his journey is absorbing and we have fallen in love with his tiredness and weariness . what is admirable about the movie is peter fonda's winning turn as ulee and the story that feels like nobody's fool but , in the end , ends up in a class of its own .
[17]	pos	pos	yes	fact of his homosexuality must be faced . to complete the triangle , there's the tall , taciturn native american ( eric schweig ) who owns the general store and lovingly yet secretly prepares gourmet meals for henry and sam . this fable about home and family is a major debut for first-time film-maker thomas bezucha ( a former designer for coach and polo/ralph lauren ) who is meticulous about minding details , using ballads like " welcome to my world " and " achin' , breakin' heart " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a place in which we can love and be loved . in the paradise of big eden , what you are doesn't matter as much as generosity of spirit , respect and kindness . sure , the plot's implausible but it's a good-natured fantasy so allowances should be made . and rob sweeney's photography of glacier national park is spectacular ! on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " big eden " is a charming , quirky , off-beat 7 . it's a heart-warming romantic comedy about a gay man who doesn't die of aids or wind up alone at the end .
[18]	pos	pos	yes	satisfying . hoblit is three for three , and i hope he can keep it up . now everyone can argue logic this and logic that all you want with the sci-fi elements of frequency . but the fact of the matter is that time travel has never been achieved . who's to say how something works and how it doesn't when it's never happened ? is it because we've become accustomed to time travel " laws " from other places like " star trek " and the back to the future trilogy and " quantum leap " ? yes , if you sit down and think about it , certain plot elements in this film probably won't make any sense . most films are like that . don't let that dissuade you from seeing this fantastically entertaining film however . when frequency was over , it made me wish i had seen it with my father so i could have given him a hug ( okay okay , shut up ) . when you break it down past all its sci-fi elements and serial killer antics , frequency is simply a movie about a father and his son and the bond that they share . it's touching , it's sincere , and it's what ultimately makes this movie work . [pg-13]
[19]	pos	pos	yes	the bill murray vehicle , groundhog day . ramis has a knack for drawing laughs because he simply knows what's funny , and here he manages to accentuate the strengths of nearly all the actors . the only character who weakens the payoff is crystal's bride-to-be ( lisa kudrow ) . playing the same dumbed-down role as she does in friends , kudrow is amusing , but doesn't fit into this comedy mold as well as the director may have hoped . the supporting cast sparkles . joe viterelli is hilarious as jelly , vitti's pea brained right-hand man , and chazz palminteri is a show stopper playing a fellow mobster who's in desperate need of the definition of `closure' . the movie manages to maintain consistent chuckles throughout , putting the emphasis on 3 or 4 really big laughs that will have audiences grasping their sides . the situation is just too cute to resist . it's unfortunate that the language gets somewhat out of hand . but hey , if you're in the mafia , using obscenities probably comes naturally . and near the end , seeing billy crystal attempt to walk and talk like a mob boss is truly a special treat .
[20]	pos	pos	yes	grace by cinematographer amy vincent ( _death in venice , ca_ ) , while inhabiting robin standefer's ( _practical magic_ ) mesmerizing sets , _the caveman's valentine_ is an unremittingly gorgeous film . kasi lemmons , following up her brilliant 1997 debut , _eve's bayou_ , which played on similar themes of manufactured realities and mysticism , fulfills much of her immense promise with a tale of seraphs and lost boys , artists and suffering . _the caveman's valentine_ is an elegant and piquant expression of hope for justice in a tilted landscape . clearly not for every taste , when approached with the correct paradigm , it is one of the most stunning and intensely fascinating films of the year : a redefinition of the hero archetype for a post-modern audience with urine-stained wool trench coats in place of blue tights and red capes . _the caveman's valentine_ is a fine and a courageous film , crazy enough to suggest that the delirious yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest paladin of order in the chaos of eliot's rat's alley wasteland .
[21]	pos	pos	yes	while baby stays unscathed , the crooks fare worse for the wear . the stooges get hit by boards and dropped from roofs and , of course , suffer multiple crotch injuries . ( john wayne bobbitt should probably steer clear of this one . ) like he did in planes , trains , and automobiles , john hughes again demonstrates his mastery of the simple set-up and extended execution . here , he's aided and abetted by a director , patrick read johnson , whose choreography could rival a coen brother . best bit : baby crawling across a busy city street . baby's day out has only two emotions--awww and ouch--and the actors play them accordingly . forget the cartoon concern of lara flynn boyle or cynthia nixon , disposable as mom and nanny , respectively , the ones to watch are the ones who are wincing . joe mantegna is a great head stooge , barking lines like " that little doo-doo machine is my retirement money . " brian haley has a great scene with a gorilla , while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna's moe . * he * is funny . needless to say , twins adam and jacob warton are adorable beyond belief .
[22]	pos	pos	yes	faces , contorted by their rage . with the pivot of the pan being in the center of the mob and angry members within a short radius of the pan , lang offers the viewer a sense of what it feels like to be the subject of a lynching . in this shot the audience is at the mercy of the mob ; lang's camera makes us feel vulnerable and powerless as joe must have felt in the jail . in some greater sense , it must have been what lang felt when he saw his countrymen overcome with unjustifiable hatred towards their own humankind . lang's observations of his fellow man succumbing to mob behavior left him with an indelible image of malevolent human behavior . as joe faces his peril , trapped in his burning cell , his dog rainbow rushes to be by his side . lang makes rainbow a martyr to contrast his humanity against the recklessness of his human counterparts . using his camera to create shots that elicit disturbing images of mob mentality , lang depicts man's volatility and `impulse' towards inconceivable cruelty . reprising joe' s line at the train station , we are induced to question why our primeval impulses so easily transcend our humanity .
[23]	pos	pos	yes	a dynamic ape ( helena bonham carter , terrific as an equal-rights activist ) . as a man who just wants out , wahlberg is focused , subtle and sly . the surprise ending provides the requisite shock ( and some more dandy visuals , particularly of the approaching authority figures ) , but admittedly isn't nearly as satisfying as the one in the original . for the original ending to work , we only had to make one simple connection , for this one , we have to write a whole new screenplay . the 1968 " apes " boasted a handful of great scenes , cool looking monkeys , a deliciously hammy performance by charlton heston ( who appears uncredited here as an aged chimp on his deathbed , re-delivering a classic line ) and a killer ending . but viewers had to suffer through numerous dull stretches punctuated by social and political messages delivered with the grace of a wrecking ball . the 2001 " planet of the apes " offers a different set of great scenes , much cooler looking monkeys , fine acting from wahlberg , bonham carter , paul giamatti and tim roth , and a not so good ending . it also gives us another chance to experience the skewed vision of tim burton and that's nothing to complain about .
[24]	pos	pos	yes	. the creatures and droids that we see throughout the film are one of a kind . even the human characters are different . every character is extremely likable and different from characters from other sci fi films . the acting on everyone's part is great , especially that of sir alec guinness's . even though the concept is not realistic at all , it is pulled off very nicely . the acting , setting , effects , costumes , and sound make it work . if any of these were messed up , star wars would have come off as one huge joke . the ending works very well , and left it very open to the sequels that came afterward . in early 1997 , a special edition of star wars was released . the film was re-mastered so it looked better than it did in 1977 . a few creatures were added here and there , and even an entire deleted scene with han solo and jabba the hutt ( seen in return of the jedi ) was added to the film . think that's enough ? on may 19 , 1999 , star wars episode i : the phantom menace will be released , followed by two more films that will reveal what went on before a new hope . with this , star wars is bound to become the greatest tale told in our time .
[25]	pos	pos	yes	touring car , to eva braun's dark lipstick , to lovitz burning his tongue , culminating at a ceremony honoring world war ii veterans . rat race's cast is first rate . cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . " the film is directed by jerry zucker , who knows something about comedy . along with his brother , david , and friend jim abrahams , he was responsible for such hits as airplane ! and ruthless people . a throwaway subplot , which is good for some laughs , features cleese and his buddies , betting on a series of outlandish situations , including one dealing with a hooker and pepto-bismol . this is a fun little feature . the only letdown comes at the finale , which is too touchy-feely and sweet , almost negating what came before it . rat race is a summer sleeper , but it will keep you awake , as will the laughter of those watching around you .
[26]	pos	pos	yes	are fewer jokes to laugh at in the sequel ( surprise , surprise for a sequel , right ? ) . however , the slight bitter aftertaste i have with this film has to do mainly with the film's manipulation of the audience . the film tries to pull your heart-strings too much regarding how close the characters are to each other , like when mitch had decided to suck the snake marrow out of his best friend's butt . this is done again when the gang meets up with some members of the cattle drive group from the original . there were also some parts which appeared unrealistic , like whether the stampede would start in the way it did or why they didn't worry more about water while tromping around the desert . some strenuous stretches of the imagination are required here . since the objective of the gang is to find gold and get rich ( unlike finding themselves in middle age like in the original ) , i also found it harder to empathize with the characters during their journey . overall , i'd say that the film is an entertaining and humorous adventure with some story-line deficiencies making it less worthy than the original . it may be worth the full price of admission , but a matinee would be a better bargain .
[27]	pos	pos	yes	the audience knows how the film will end , it's a lot of fun getting there . i only have two minor complaints about the entire film . the first comes from the scenes which follow the opening sequence . while their purpose is to introduce us to the characters and to get the story going ( which they do ) , i feel as though it could have been done much quicker , and less conventionally . i mean , did we really have to see the ship's crew at a wedding ? because of that , you now know exactly what's going to happen to the groom ! my other gripe would be during the film's finale . there's an explosion which ends the film that is one of the weakest looking cgi effects since the president's plane crashed into the ocean at the end of air force one . i cannot stress this enough . . . until a cgi effect can be made to look like a model effect , stick with using models . yes , u-571 is historically incorrect and there are surely some specifics in the plot that people who have been onboard a submarine will tell you " that couldn't happen " , but the overall point of this film is entertainment . it succeeds fantastically . [pg-13]
[28]	pos	pos	yes	a simple mozart . technically this is a beautiful film and a lot of thought has gone in to the production . i particularly like the use of slow motion and sound effects . one scene has adult-helfgott happily babbling in a car in the rain . the sound of the windshield wipers fades up over his voice . with a clever subtlety , the wiper sound appears to morph into a rhythmic thumping , but of the same beat . the image dissolves and we realise the thumping is the slow motion applause of a crowd . but it's us being clapped . we are young-david walking up to the stage for our first public show . the music , as you would expect from a film of this subject matter , is critical . and it works very well . the 'miming' of the actors piano playing is faultless ( apparently rush didn't mime ; he really did play ) helfgott's life is certainly not without it's sympathetic people . indeed his return to the 'normal' world is accelerated by his chance meetings with two very special women . his ultimately uplifting story is a magic piece of theatre craft . it shows that with the 'help of god' we can all find our way back home .
[29]	pos	pos	yes	today , war became a reality to me after seeing a screening of saving priivate ryan . steve spielberg goes beyond reality with his latest production . the audience is tossed about the theatre witnessing the horror of war . please keep the kids home as the r rating is for reality . tom hanks is stunning as capt john miller , set out in france during ww ii to rescue and return home a soldier , private ryan ( matt damon ) who lost three brothers in the war . spielberg at time takes us inside the heads of these individuals as they face death during the horrific battle scenes . private ryan is not for everyone , but i felt the time was right for a movie like this to be made . the movie reminds us of the sacrifices made by our ww ii fighting men and women . we must not ever forget them as many gave the ultimate sacrifice , their lives so that we may live in freedom today . for this i thank them and for steve spielberg for making a movie that i will never forget . the academy will not forget tom hanks come april 1999 , as another well deserved oscar with be in tom's posession .
[30]	pos	pos	yes	say first off i enjoyed 'volcano' much more than i did 'dantes peak' . part of that is just being biased as i usually enjoy anything that tommy lee jones appears in . i've been reading a lot about the movie being 'cheezy' or 'hokey' and really didn't see or think that once during the entire film . i get bored easily and this film didn't bore me for a minute . another thing , and boy am i bitching today ! , that bothers me is when critics and such go on about " well thats not really possible . " you know what ? i couldn't give a bloody damn if it's possible or not , really i couldn't . it's a freaking movie and i don't want reality thrown in my face . i want to be able to see the impossible , the all might " what if " to many reviewers have seen one to many movies ! the special effects are the second star to this feature . they are so amazing that i found it hard sometimes to believe they were indeed fx and la was was not burning to the ground . they did an incredible job and come oscar time ( if they remember ) some notice better be thrown there way .
[31]	pos	pos	yes	range . i do have to take exception to the claim that this film marks her career resurrection , though -- she's been working steadily over the years , often in direct-to-video action flicks , but also in such recent theatrical releases as tim burton's mars attacks ! and larry cohen's original gangstas ( where she first teamed up with mr . forster . ) of course , it's true that her role here was a godsend -- a meaty a part as this is rarity for * any * actress , let alone one of her age and current status in the industry . while jackie brown may disappoint those looking for another pulp fiction clone , it marks tremendous growth of mr . tarantino as a director whose horizons are rapidly expanding , and whose characterizations have never been better . and while the film's narrative doesn't really warrant a running time of 155 minutes , it's filled with such sumptuous riches , ranging from the brashness of the vivid soundtrack to entertaining , inconsequential conversations between the characters , that there wasn't an unengaging moment . with an impressive trio of feature films under his belt , it'll be interesting to see what he tries next .
[32]	pos	pos	yes	why the world is ending . i really wanted to know , and my need to know was hanging over the film at all times . i appreciate the fact that mckellar didn't want the material to rule the film , and that he wanted the movie to be more of a study in human behavious . however , in not telling the audience what the cause of earth's destruction is , he's left a big question that is in their minds throughout the film . another problem is we never see anybody panicking . i would imagine if the world was ending , and there was nothing to be done about it , a large segment of the population would be going out of their minds . instead , we are treated to shots of a giant crowd partying like it's new year's eve . i just didn't buy the fact that everyone had completely accepted their fate . no one had the urge to " rage against the dying of the light " . despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year . as opposed to the moronic " armageddon " , " last night " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty . and bruce willis never shows up to save the day .
[33]	pos	pos	yes	end credits , " a bug's life " pulls it's final punch , out clever-ing " antz " with a series of incessantly hilarious faux-bloopers that come just at the right time , when those who leave immeadiately after the final frame of a film have left , and you can brag that you were one of the elite who stayed and got the full money's worth of entertainment . still , it's no " toy story . " that film , maybe above any animated film i've ever seen , encompassed almost true perfection in story , character , and wit . it proved that it didn't need to brag about it's cutting edge technology to really soar ( it's the least visually striking of the three computer animated films thus far , but is still the most satisfying ) , and created a perfect world of idiosyncratic delights and innocent fun . yet " a bug's life , " as well as " antz , " are still amazing films , and prove without doubt , that if you're gonna make a computer animated film , send it to the guys who created these three flicks , evne if they're not working under the same roof .
[34]	pos	pos	yes	; when the ghost turns , we see the bullet wound in the back of his head . osment gives the best performance i've ever seen from a child actor . it's hard enough to find a grown-up in hollywood who can give a subtle , realistic portrayal ! although willis gets top billing , cole is really the protagonist of the story , and osment truly brings the complex kid to life . if only willis' work were as impressive . accustomed to delivering catchphrases rather than dialogue , willis is stiff and awkward as malcolm , his most challenging role to date . ( this is a bad omen for his next movie , " the story of us , " which chronicles the ups and downs of a marriage ) . writer/director m . night shyamalan has a light , poetic touch that goes to the heart of the viewer without seeming sappy or trite . he's also a skillful storyteller , as the movie's ending demonstrates . only when the final secret is revealed do you realize that shyamalan has been hinting at it throughout the movie . look for a cameo by the director as a doctor who treats cole . bottom line : osment should get an oscar nomination , and you should go see this movie .
[35]	pos	pos	yes	first released . many films of the thirties through seventies have aged poorly . but this one is a near flawless example of how well a perfect script and timing can mesh with first-rate acting , wit and suspense , glorious music , and terrific set peices . the only even slightly dated scenes are those at the begining in which god has a long chat with clarence , george's guardian angel . they aren't all that bad , but they remain corny and a little out of place . nevertheless , this is one film that deserves its place in time , cinema history , and our hearts . it can be equally appreciated by anyone of any age . here is one genuine masterpeice , a classic that reaches heights and ambitions near perfection . this crackling good mixture results in a film which is at once funny , exciting , moving and uplifting . the film itself is almost a reversal of the life of george bailey -- there isn't too much to it , but capra and the gang ( various screenwriters , composers , actors ) plumet the material to its fullest potential . the result is a film -- though not at first intended to be pigeon-holed as a holiday film -- that will always be remembered , celebrated , and loved .
[36]	pos	pos	yes	part that appears to have been written for his sly comedic talent ; murray's a stitch , especially when pulling up beside the van ryan limo after winning lombardo's case and flipping them off . and don't leave when the closing credits hit the screen , or you'll miss the film's best part -- four bonus flashbacks that smooth over plot holes while offering a few more tiny turns , plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a bombshell . speaking of bombshells , denise richards , who plays almost every scene in a blue bikini top , does the teen tease thing with a malicious allure that she was never allowed to flaunt in " starship troopers . " matt dillon flexes his sleepy-voiced sex appeal , and pulls off personality changes with chameleonic precision . neve campbell , lovely as ever except when sporting a blond wig , gives suzie a vengeful vulnerability that makes her the most interesting member of the conspiring trio . re-edited and toned down a bit , the dynamics between these three actors could have carried the film to greater lengths . but what we're given works well enough . " wild things " is highly entertaining and , indeed , very wild .
[37]	pos	pos	yes	social services , who aren't particularly pleased with coufax's actions , as he pretends to be his roommate to keep the kid . the reason i say it's not really sandler's best work is because it gets really sappy towards the end of a movie , showing some odd feelings that somehow didn't really belong in a sandler vehicle . i mean , it fits the movie's tone and everything , and sandler handles it well , but it's just oddly placed , that's all . fortunately , it doesn't destroy the goofy glee path it's been following and it still makes you feel good . sandler does a good job here , as he does in most of his movies . rob schneider , however , is irritating as his friend , an immigrant delivery boy who can't read . stewart , in his minor time on screen , is great , and adams remains a joy to watch . look for steve buscemi as well as a homeless bum . he's a hoot . directed by dennis dugan ( director of happy gilmore ) , the movie remains a good couple of hours to pass the time with . again , there are faults , but , hey , everyone needs to get emotional sometimes .
[38]	pos	pos	yes	you mean _arrrgh_ pirates ? " ) , and though it essentially boils down to one mishap after another , they're all quite engaging . even the movie's more " serious " moments are played with a wink . heche has been under undeserved fire over whether or not her private life with ellen degeneres would affect the " believability " of " six days , seven nights " ' heterosexual pairing . ( so she's a lesbian . so what . deal with it . ) of course it doesn't , and here , her naysayers are proved wrong in a big way . in fact , her chemistry with ford is what really makes the film click ; these opposites attract with the utmost , endearing electricity . at one point , when the two are discussing the likelihood of romantic interest , heche asks ford how old he is . after several wrong guesses ( " forty-five ? _fifty_ ? " ) , he whispers his age to her . " you still look good , " heche stammers . " i still _am_ good , " ford replies . she's good too , and together , they make " six days , seven nights " one memorable ride .
[39]	pos	pos	yes	and the present are very hit-and-miss in terms of effectiveness . the pacing of the film tends to be numbingly slow , which tends to undermine any suspense which might be built up . however , the cinematography by gabriel beristain is wonderful--i particularly like the chilling ice-blue hue permeating the present-day scenes , contrasting well with the many nova scotia ocean shots--and danny elfman provides a surprisingly understated score for the film . it would seem that the commercial potential of dolores claiborne is limited . none of the performers in the film could be classified as a big draw , and its pacing may be a turn-off to those expecting a gripping suspense film filled with twists and turns and car crashes and axe-wielding psychopaths . although being essentially the only film in its genre in release now , it may also be hurt by the negative perception of king works , even with the recent critical success of the shawshank redemption and the stand . dolores claiborne suffers from a very unsatisfying conclusion , and moves very slowly . however , the performances are uniformly excellent , particularly kathy bates , and the film has its moments . on my four-star scale , i give dolores claiborne three stars .
[40]	pos	pos	yes	. everything they come into contact with is a big poker game in that everything's a battle against the cards destiny deals . one scene demonstrates this perfectly in which mike is told by a judge ( martin landou , in a perfectly cast and performed role ) that destiny is everything and yet nothing at the same time . matt's good at gambling but he's also got potential to be a great lawyer . he could go professional as either , but with one he could lose everything or win big , but with the other there's stability but not much risk involved . can someone who's gambled his entire life really cash in his chips and leave ? if the film had been just a subtle lesson in poker-playing , then the ending is our test . everything is told from mike's perspective , but we're finally able to recognize some things on our own . this makes the final , against-all- odds showdown seem like just that . it works just like the game it revolves around - showing us some of the cards , but still evokes the element of the unknown , and the consequences thereof . what separates " rounders " from most other films about games is the fact the challenge and the skills are more important than winning in the end .
[41]	pos	pos	yes	what puts a damper on this otherwise exceptional and creative film , i ? ? ? m afraid , is the ending , or , rather , the identity of the killer . it does the job , i guess , accomplishes what it should , bringing the three films full circle , but upon my first viewing it seemed rather dissatisfying because it appears a little too contrived , too arbitrary ; after a second viewing , which i endeavored upon due to this recurring disapprobation , the killer ? ? ? s identity still seems a little too random , but his motivation came across more sound this time around , and the eventual conclusion was ultimately more satisfying . all in all , " scream 3 " does not fall victim to the most lamented principle of a trilogy : it is not the worst of the films . as a trilogy , " scream " was a lot of fun ; refreshing , humorous , offbeat . almost sad to see it go . but then , it does seem best to quit while you ? ? ? re ahead , and " scream 3 " does a fine job of providing closure to its characters . for now , " scream " holds the title as the finest series of horror films to be committed to celluloid . not too shabby .
[42]	pos	pos	yes	now floodwaters are rising so high that buildings are being submerged and the nearby dam is about to break . enter a working class smart-alecky new armored car driver named tom ( christian slater ) . suddenly his security truck carrying over three million dollars gets stuck on the flooded street and is waylaid by armed looters . tom has no choice but to grab the bag full of money , hide it , and swim for his life . this makes for an action movie full of jet skis , speedboat chases , and gun battles , as tom tries to evade and outsmart corrupt cops and armed looters until the national guard can answer his distress call . he is befriended and aided by a spunky churchgoing young woman from town named karen ( minnie driver ) . but unknown to tom and karen , the national guard never heard tom's initial distress call . will tom and karen survive the natural and manmade disasters ? opinion : don't expect thought-provoking issues or dramatics . there's not much more to this movie than hiding , running , swimming , shooting , and saving handcuffed heroes from drowning , but that's what makes it escapist and fun . relax , take your shoes off , and break out the popcorn .
[43]	pos	pos	yes	known as egon from ghostbusters , has a deft touch with directing comedy , as shown in the immortal groundhog day , and the less immortal caddyshack . all the comic potential in a scene is dug out and presented to the audience . the script , written by ramis along with peter tolan and ken lonergan , starts off funny , remains funny for the most of the film , but sadly peters out somewhat during the last twenty minutes where it wrongly enters more serious territory . the film is short , however , and just before audience interest is waning the film suddenly goes into a rather rushed and unsatisfying ending and the credits roll . analyze this is a good comedy , and is certainly worth watching . robert de niro sobbing is reason enough to watch it , even though it does seem forced , or like a parody ( although i think this was intentional . ) crystal is his most likeable in years , kudrow is given as little screen time as possible , which is a good thing , and de niro is just awesome . it's no goodfellas , and it probably won't be remembered as much as groundhog day , but analyze this is a well done comedy that won't leave you feel cheated .
[44]	pos	neg	no	displeasing . it could have lead up to something more , or at least an amusing conclusion . it tried to explain a mythology about the portals , that made it seem rushed . other than that , i had a very enjoyable time . the acting was quite delightful as well . john cusack has finally been given a chance to prove his ability , and he does it well . he's by far the most underrated actor due to a lack of popularity , but i'm hoping that will change . cameron diaz was her usual charming self , although i felt that part was wrong for her , but she pulled it off . john malkovich himself continues to creep out people with his eerie facial expressions and tone of voice . who else's mind would be better to explore ? the director , spike jonze , who appeared in last month's three kings really catches my attention with this project . i knew he was bizzare , but not to this extreme . he too is likely too receive media attention . " being john malkovich " isn't an excellent film , but it is definitly entertaining and will eaisly become a cult favorite . what's even better is the film's puzzling message . . . am i nick lyons ?
[45]	pos	pos	yes	personalities . most amusing among these new personalities is the one adopted by sugiyama's co-worker mr . aoki ( naoto takenaka ) , a balding systems analyst who becomes a fiery latin lover when he dons a frizzy wig and begins to rumba . sugiyama's awakening is less overt , but koji yakusho does a wonderful job showing a transformation of small steps . it's a delicate performance with a huge heart . shall we dance ? is a fairly lightweight experience , which makes its final half hour rather a long sit . suo crams a lot of exposition into very little time , including an unnecessarily detailed back-story for mai , resulting in a sluggish march towards the resolution . it is here that shall we dance ? feels most hollywood-conventional , attempting to blind-side the audience with a truckload of emotional catharsis . suo might have been better advised to conclude with the small gem of a scene in which sugiyama and his wife take their first tentative dance steps together . that's the real joy of dance shall we dance ? conveys : its ability to create an intoxicating mood of romance which can soften the stiffest shirt .
[46]	pos	pos	yes	deserves more than supporting roles . speaking of supporting characters , there are some great ones here . harold pinter is amusing as harry's uncle benny , who pops up throughout the story in a number of creative ways . also shoring up the proceedings is jon polito as a corrupt banker and dylan baker , who is a riot as a united states general straight out of the dr . strangelove school of armed patriotism . but the most important secondary performers are leonor varela and brendan gleeson , both outstanding as two wounded activists . their presence adds weight to the story , reminding us that beyond the charades of the leading men , there are real people that have suffered greatly over the politics connected to the canal . director john boorman adds additional verisimilitude by shooting the film on location . instead of using panama city merely as a colorful backdrop , he adroitly weaves in footage of all aspects of life there . the metropolis , described by one character as " casablanca without heroes " pulsates with life , underling the folly of the two foreigners playing dangerous games that could have a disastrous impact on a great many people . " the tailor of panama " succeeds because the principals behind it were bright enough to make it more than a simple entertainment .
[47]	pos	pos	yes	discussion in a bar to the physical act which takes place a few minutes later . the scene is a series of soft nuances and glances , layered upon light dialogue , and the result is one of the better love scenes in recent cinema -- meaningful and engrossing . the supporting cast is strong , led by the always-reliable ving rhames . dennis farina , who plays karen's father , is good , as is don cheadle as the profoundly stupid villain . steve zahn , who plays jack's nearly-brain dead accomplice glenn , steals all of his scenes ( and that's in a film where every scene is already at a high level ) . all of the actors are helped by the dialogue and the intelligently-constructed script by scott frank . out of sight is certainly a light film , although there are a few heavy moments that will linger in the memory . overall , i can recommend it simply as great entertainment . not every film has to change your life , and it's nice to see a movie that uses the art to tell a great story and simply to entertain its viewers . as for the book , this film is good enough to make me believe that there might be something in the text worth looking at .
[48]	pos	pos	yes	the picture is often dizzying to behold , and max's effective isolationism is emphasized by shots from the so-called snorri cam , which keep him in plain focus while the environment races by in blurred bursts . pi's raw , aggressive visuals are reminiscent of david lynch's early work ( in particular , eraserhead ) . the film's sinister tone splashes onto the screen immediately with a dazzling opening credit sequence ably backed by a sly electronic score by clint mansell , and gradually increases in intensity . still , amidst all its kafkaesque qualities and overall dispassionate mood , pi does occasionally display a sense of humour . at one point , marcy dawson ( pamela hart , great fun ) entices max with the offer of an invaluable treasure : a one-of-a-kind . . . computer chip . " isn't it beautiful , " she coos . a showcase for mr . aronofsky's technical virtuosity ( made for $60 000 , it's since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ) , pi is an intriguingly cerebral story which , ironically , is perhaps the most purely visceral film of the year .
[49]	pos	pos	yes	crow " without the boredom or depression . the concept of the plot is as mindstretching as " 12 monkeys " was , however , so be prepared and be sophisticated . and imagine a picture that finally does justice to the comic-book-gone-feature-film fad that hollywood has recently become abusive of . dark city simply puts " spawn " to shame . in fact , during the climax of the film i couldn't help but feel the strong presence of an " akira " -esque explosion throughout the general feeling of the movie . so my initial predictions were wrong . this film is anything but the meloncholy of " hellraiser " parts one through five . i'm never one to base a film entirly on special effects , so know that when i give dark city it's actually because the film contained all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even ( tsk , tsk ) special effects . not since contact have i recieved such deep insight into the way the human mind operates and never this year have i been so blown away . the best film i've seen all year , and easily one of the best i've ever seen
[50]	pos	pos	yes	wedding night . yossef prays to god for a child and then robotically gets malka to spread her legs , and without the least bit of affection , only a nervousness shown on his part for the function he supplies , as he goes inside her and rams her hard , thrusting away until the act is completed and then retiring without a word or gesture of love . the sisters have choices , like everyone else in life does . but the choices are obliterated by one's beliefs , circumstances , and inward nature , and how difficult it is to carry out those choices if it goes completely against the way one is brought up . for the sisters , the choices are life or death ones . gitai by closing in on the daily rituals , tight living quarters and close-knit community , has shown how difficult these choices are for those who have never seen another world and have been kept in the dark all their life . the film ends with the forlorn malka walking atop of jerusalem and looking down upon it as an outsider would , and everything seems strange to her , all the things she once thought of as being set in stone are now harsh memories , as she has made her choice , and the price of that choice is very heavy indeed .
[51]	pos	pos	yes	are perfect because they are able to reveal more emotions and attitudes in their brief time on the screen then most movie stars can do in a feature length film . worth noting is tom cruise , who stepped out of his usual superficial starring role and into a funny but depressing tour de force performance . he was probably noticed more than the other actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past ( however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints ) the only problem i had with the acting was that a few of the characters felt seriously edited down such as melinda dillon's character as phillip baker hall's wife . she seemed to be thrown in towards the end and i felt very little sympathy for her because i had not seen her enough earlier in the film . " magnolia " uses several effective metaphors to describe its characters . anderson has the talent to make the audience sympathetic towards numerous people in only a few hours . to see that anderson is able to perfectly portray this many different types of people shows that he has a keen sense of diversity . diversity is what makes a director successful for a long period of time . i predict a lot of diversity and success from anderson in the future .
[52]	pos	pos	yes	. but mostly it is frightening and shocking as it goes deeper into the minds of these strange men and we witness their psychological change . every actor does a great job . especially robert carlyle as the sinister and intelligent cannibal , and guy pearce as the moral and honest soldier , nagged by his undeserved honor . this strange couple resemble lestat and lois in neil jordan's 'interview with the vampire' . actually there are many amusing parallels and connections to vampire movies , since the topics are so alike . " ravenous " starts wonderfully and continues to shock and scare until it gets to the finale , where it looses focus and gets too primitive and rather boring . however these little failures don't diminish the impression . this is a bizarre dark comedy about the human mind and its change in different situations . it is a scary fable about the monster that lurks in everyone's soul , a dark side which we're all trying to hide -- but it's there -- always . it is one of the most frightening and successful horror films since " the shining " . " . . i said no food . i didn't say there was nothing to eat . . . " - colqhoun , ravenous
[53]	pos	pos	yes	of the " good will hunting " is damon , who infuses the script ( co- written by " chasing amy's " ben affleck ) with just the right amount of warmth , sensitivity and humanity to accentuate his position as a refreshing multi- talented performer . but it's the acting that hits the mark , and damon hits all the right notes , flying over robin williams' deja-vu role ( " awakenings " was written all over this ) as a devastated shrink who has closed all contact with society due to his wife's tragic death . damon effortlessly blends the carelesness of a gregarious , confused thug with the absorbing ingeniousness of someone like einstein . his rich , complex character is the pulp of " good will hunting . " everything else pales in comparison . " good will hunting " exposes the lack of profoundness of deliberately schmaltzy storytelling , but , unlike " little man tate " or " phenomenon " , it doesn't set up its story in a black and white , point a to point b be manner , but as the saga of an extraordinary individual whose feasibility for success doesn't automatically signify he must make easy , familiar choices , like the protagonists in the aforementioned .
[54]	pos	pos	yes	curiousity about murder without compromising her character's innocence or likeability . she can express so much with one lift of her eyebrow . it's a great performance . reb braddock's direction is extremely sharp and clever , toeing the line between black humour and bad taste . the best scene in the film is an outrageously funny sequence involves jones and dancing - any more than that would be a spoiler . the opening credit sequence is also inventive and amusing . of course , it's impossible to really take this stuff seriously , but then again you're not really supposed to - braddock knows the audience is in on the joke , and makes it a fun little romp as a result . the one drawback of curdled is that it was based on a short film , and it feels like it ; the material is just stretched too thin in order to fulfill a feature length running time , and some parts just seem to drag . while its running time is already a short 94 minutes , it could really stand to lose twenty minutes or so to give it better pacing . curdled seems destined to be a nice cult film for miramax . it'll be interesting to see if it will appeal to mainstream audiences as well .
[55]	pos	pos	yes	the three leads are abrasive at first , self-consciously " quirky " ; the introductory scenes are a chore . these people do grow on you because they convey genuine passion , a belief in themselves , and because they have long-term goals ; henry and simon may drink a lot of budweiser and hang out on the streetcorner , but they aren't pop slackers . the story is rather classical : the tutor is a better talker than a doer , raised on books ; the timid tutee has innate talent his master only dreams of . ( shades of film school . . . ) the finished film is epic in its proportions for a story so small , and the final third does test one's patience , yet henry fool is tight , hardly excessive in its length . how refreshing to see a movie this long in 1998 devoted entirely to character . and unless i nodded off , not a single building exploded . this , hartley's seventh feature , is contemplative about " the artist " ; fortunately , we never get a sampling of simon's work , and it's a testament to the actors and the screenplay that by the end we can surmise what sort of thoughts would pour from these writers' pens .
[56]	pos	pos	yes	mean you shouldn't take kids to see it ? not at all . they will have a lot of fun watching this one . what is great is the themes that are given to us . part social commentary , part romance story , and part moral drama , antz gives everyone something to talk about , whether it be the animation , or the discussions of individualism and community . thankfully , it's not subtle in either aspects . antz is rated pg for mild language and some intense action . sometimes the language can be pushing the limits for a family movie , but the violence is what should keep kids at home . the battle scene has ants melting in acid , and bugs being speared to death . and the magnifying scene shows an ant disintegrate in the beam of sunlight . but other than that ( and some sexual innuendos ) , it's a perfect choice for some wholesome fun at the theaters . i doubt many children will understand the sexual innuendos unless they are old enough , but it's still advisable to leave really young children at home . have i confused you enough ? if you do take your kids , i recommend seeing the film with them , because more than likely , you'll enjoy it the most .
[57]	pos	pos	yes	the story bubbling along to its predictable conclusion . it doesn't all work but it's handled with such light-heartedness that robbie and julia coming together generates more smiles than groans . herlihy and director frank coraci have done a great job of recreating the sights , sounds , and affectations of the 1980s . the soundtrack--an ever-present force in the film--is packed with wall-to-wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol's " white wedding " to the smiths' " how soon is now ? " to culture club's " do you really want to hurt me ? " the mix of music and fashion would make " the wedding singer " a great double feature with " boogie nights . " if you grew up listening to the cure and a flock of seagulls and the psychedelic furs , then " the wedding singer " is bound to put a nostalgic hop in your stride . if you're a fan of the lovable , laughable adam sandler , well . . . let's just say that " the wedding singer " might well be the only film in recent memory to make * me * want to rent " happy gilmore . "
[58]	pos	pos	yes	best in the party scene - seemingly everyone is talking at the same time , and yet many subtle observations are being made throughout . in a very different way , but also using a long single shot , the scene of hortense and cynthia's first meeting in a lonely caf=8a achieves a touching intensity , all the more for their reticence and unspoken feelings . the film's climax - with all the secrets and lies finally spilled out in ibsen-esque revelations , and everybody hugging each other - is the one thing that seems false about this film . however , it's a film that truly earns its happy ending after the misery and repression of the character's lives . when cynthia says near the end , this is the life , innit ? , you get the sense that , following the cynicism of his last film naked , leigh has rediscovered that life can be sweet after all , without comforting illusions . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[59]	pos	pos	yes	with each character , the introduction of the new characters gets repetitive after a while . there are only so many times you can hear , " hey , what's going on ? " " not much , what are you up to ? " " nothing really , just hanging around , " before it gets on your nerves ; the film might well have benefited from a slightly slower pace and a little bit more characterization . and the dialogue in the second half of the film is by and large not quite as interesting as that in the first half ; a jfk buff , for example , seems like a pale imitation of the previous conspiracy theorist , and many of the characters just generally aren't as weird or unique . instead of depicting a city populated by mostly normal people and then showing us the strangeness that we might not have noticed at first , linklater shows us the oddballs first , then stops and reminds us that ordinary people live there too . " slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well-deserved . i just can't help but think it might have been even better if linklater had slowed down a little bit and filmed these scenes in reverse order .
[60]	pos	pos	yes	be victorious in their respective missions . however , despite this uninteresting sub-plot , turner did manage to give a great performance as the woman who reminds the two men that sometimes there's more to life than money and birds . as for hauer , he's an actor i've always admired . he has a penchant for picking strange and unusual characters . and this one is no exception . he's frequently seen riding around his island on a white horse , wearing pirate's clothing , and holstering a cross-bow . despite all his eccentric mannerisms , though , hauer always manages to let the human side of his character shine through . for example , there's a scene in which he barks at turner and her son because they came onto his island a day early . he comes off as crazy loner in that scene , but a few minutes later , he is apologizing to turner , and we believe his intentions . soon after , we find out he's a vietnam vet , and his actions become fairly clear to us . " a breed apart " isn't a great movie by any means , but it does contain good performances by all three leads , and it's worth seeing for that reason alone .
[61]	pos	pos	yes	1988 ) , terminator 2 and true lies , 1994 ) and they are used very well throughout . the sweeps of the ships are awesome , although digital domain , who did the effects , cannot animate human movement too well . the humans seem to move to 'smoothly' , there's just something odd about them . you can tell that they have been animated on a computer . of course , the ship sinking scenes are awesome , with bodies flying all over the place , and the scene where the ship splits in half has to be seen to be believed . titanic is one of the only films where effects have reinforced the film . titanic , then , is a wonder of directing , acting and cgi , but not writing and story . again , like most of camerons films , the editing is loose ( cameron edits himself ) , and the film could of come in under three hours with a few more cuts . titanic , then , although not the godfather of movies it could of been , is a wonderful attempt at creating a work of genius . enjoyable , scary , and even sad , titanic is a film cinema was invented for , filling the screen with incredible images , and assaulting the ears with awesome sound . a superb film , but sadly not perfect . overall rating= (
[62]	pos	pos	yes	distracted and detracted from bulworth's political ranting , which was much more interesting than the ever-present , obvious-looking assassin . still , most of the movie is original and very enjoyable , and beatty deserves most of credit for bringing it to the screen . as the story and screen writer , he came up first with a good structure , then with good dialogue to back it up ( jeremy pikser co-wrote the screenplay ) . as an actor , he was able to convincingly portray bulworth's depression , then liberation and rebirth . as a producer ( there were four others ) he was able to keep the movie free from hollywood's indulgent formulas ( except for those inexcusable chase scenes ) . someone else probably could have directed , but since he was there anyway , what the heck . it's too bad that there aren't more movies like this around - movies that tackle political corruption in a way that challenges viewers to pay more attention to real politics . after all , much of the inspiration for bulworth is straight out of the news . just a little perception and insight and you could write your own bulworth rants . just don't expect to be popular with the insurance companies .
[63]	pos	pos	yes	underappreciated election . i hope to see more of this warm actor with the disarmingly honest face very soon . levy's is the most crowd-pleasing performance , and indeed , it's nice to see him back on the big screen in a role that makes wonderful use of that expressive brow . american pie also wants to emulate the teen flicks your parents _would_ let you watch growing up . it skillfully employs a broad mix of pop tunes , much like john hughes' movies did , and even pays homage to the breakfast club a couple of times , most evidently when the prom band covers simple minds' " don't you ( forget about me ) . " the picture ultimately has a healthy , if obligatory , attitude towards safe sex-even at their most libidinous , american pie's protagonists first whip out a condom . the filmmakers prove that socially responsible raunch is possible . for its familiarity and for its charming leads , i recommend american pie , but the buzz on this film had me expecting something . . . fresher . as far as the new teen cinema goes , it's at the top of the heap . * don't say i didn't warn you about the party scene .
[64]	pos	pos	yes	ed harris ) . everyone in truman's life is an actor or an extra . they are all being watched by millions of people around the globe , people who can tune in at any time of the day to see what is happening in truman's life . but he is the only person that is not aware of it . the classification of the truman show may be tricky . the audience reacted to many of truman's revelations with laughter . i did not laugh much during the film because i was so emotionally wrapped up with the character . the things that made the audience laugh gave me glassy eyes , because what was happening to him , indeed what had been done to him his whole life was wrong . so is this going to end up labeled as a comedy ? a drama ? it really depends on the audience . but to me , the truman show was a touching , sad tale about the extents to which a corporation will go to exploit human life for the entertainment of others . but above all else , the truman show was a stunningly beautiful picture with humor , heart and scary realism . oscar predictions in june are pointless , but if the truman show had been released on schedule in late fall or winter of 1997 , as originally planned , james cameron would be oscar-less .
[65]	pos	pos	yes	the soundtrack is also excellent . like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift . also , the costumes are great . the clothes really do look like what people wore in the seventies and eighties . the film , although excellent , does have some flaws . firstly , wahlberg , although excellent , cannot do highly scenes which require him to be angry . in both scenes where he has to act angry , his acting is so 'off' , the scenes tension and anger is lost . but the rest of the cast are excellent . burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . macy is great aswell ( but he always is . ) another flaw with the film , though , is that the ending seems a bit tacked on . it seems anderson saw the film was going on a bit , and needed to wrap up quickly . it's a shame , really , as the rest of the film is perfectly paced . but they're small niggles really . boogie nights is an excellent film . superb directing , writing , acting and music , all combine to make one spectacular film . whatever you do , do not miss out on boogie nights .
[66]	pos	pos	yes	much for american audiences to handle . the best part of this extra footage is that gives better understanding of both mathilda's and l ? on's motivations pertaining to later actions involving oldman and his crew of bad cops . there's even a previously unseen cameo by the great french actor jean-hugues anglade - star of queen margot , besson's la femme nikita , and killing zoe . with these additional scenes replaced , l ? on and matilda's relationship brings you emotionally closer to the film and draws stronger bonds between the characters that were murky in the american version . the most ironic thing about the international version of the film is that with the inclusion of the missing scenes , the film becomes primarily a heavy , emotional drama punctuated with big action scenes at the beginning and the end of the film . the film betters reflects the serious drama of french cinema but is laced with pieces reflecting the brutality of american cinema . my advice to everyone out there is to throw away your copy of the professional , throw down twenty bucks , and pick up this newly restored cinematic masterpiece . director/writer : luc besson producer : luc besson , claude besson starring : jean reno , natalie portman , gary oldman , danny aiello
[67]	pos	pos	yes	opportunity to portray his character . however , those who look familiar faces would find them plenty in the dogs of war - tom berenger , paul freeman , jo beth williams , victoria tennant ( in brief cameo ) , and biggest surprise is ed o'neill ( of married with children fame ) as shannon's reluctant colleague . this was the first major production for john irvin , and it shows why he earned the reputation of capable , yet second class director . with the good script he can make very good movie , with the bad script he can make real mess . luckily , the dogs of war had a good script . irvin's direction was very ascetic and it gave the movie almost documentary feel . the only distraction is dramatic music of geoffrey burgon , used on the wrong places . in the final battle scene , where we can see mercenaries at work , irvin shows us that modern warfare means superior firepower and tactics , unlike 1980s ramboesque fantasies that rely on macho superheroes . unfortunately , by making battle realistic irvin made it somewhat less attractive and his sloppy editing also didn't help . but , despite those shortcomings , this movie remains interesting and rare combination of action thriller and gritty , realistic political drama .
[68]	pos	pos	yes	, you know ) . deniro does some of his finest comic work since the king of comedy , giving off a somewhat similar performance to his role in goodfellas , but with a bit of a lighter heart . ( a scene where he tries to display his anger over the phone and fails miserably is hilarious . ) crystal plays an excellent straight man to deniro's character , uplifting him from such bombs as father's day and my giant . kudrow is also a hoot as crystal's wife-to-be , who's on the verge of a breakdown thanks to deniro's presence . is the movie perfect ? not really , thanks to a simplistic ending and some slightly wasted moments with a character portrayed by chazz palminteri ( he's a comic actor , too , come on , give him some more ! ) , but it is an enjoyable romp that lets deniro do something different but same for a change , taking his dramatic act to a new field of comedy . kudos to crystal and kudrow for not just making it his show , either . line of the movie : crystal : " when you said you needed family therapy , this is not the family i had in mind ! "
[69]	pos	pos	yes	perhaps the most powerful visual statement in the film , was the dead cow from pesticides shown in the opening scene . it was the image that lillian spent her time painting all summer and had the same affect for her as did the animal faces in picasso's guernica had for him . both artists envisioned the horrors that man could do against the world , and represented this unspoken pain on the faces of the animals so that anyone who cares to really see what is going on , will not mistake which side of the fence he or she should be on . the pain that lillian feels , as she forgets about her desires to raise a family , and she stares at her painting of the cow and the song , " make the world go away " blares out from the background , after she has learned that frances' beautiful and loving dog has been brutalized by her monster of a husband , all in the name of science , had a raw power to it that personalizes the dangers of bad science . perhaps , the most pertinent question the film asks , requires an answer that must be resolved by the farmers and the consumers who are most caught in the changing world and its new way of doing business , as the question becomes , can science be happily married with art ?
[70]	pos	pos	yes	) , spud ( the dim-witted one ) sick boy ( the sean connery obsessive ) , and begbee ( the violence obsessive ) . powered by a top rate , but not top name soundtrack ( iggy pop , sleeper , elastica , lou reed . . . ) the film follows renton who gets clean , gets back into heroin and gets clean again . some of the wit in this movie is sharp and pulp fiction-esque , and some is just dumb & dumber gross ( the bed sheets ) and stupid ( the bb gun ) although the film starts out on a comic note , it takes a sharp term in the middle , and becomes almost depressing . the film is based on an irving welsh novel bearing the same title . i can honestly say that this is one of the best movies i have ever seen . it is an obscure gem that has been over shadowed in the us by such movies as mission impossible and id4 . the film is hard to follow with the heavy accents of the actors . this is a very original film , as far as films go today . it definetly deserves multiple viewings ( partly because of the slang and accents ) jeremy dennison mr . orange@centuryinter . net
[71]	pos	pos	yes	corey haim . back in 1986 he had talent , and that is proven here as he delivers a perfect fully 3-dimensional performance filled with anger , humor , and pain . kerri green is very appealing as maggie , showing us why she cares about lucas so much and why he is so attracted to her . sheen's cappie is almost too good to be true , but sheen makes him beleivable , especially when he explains the reason why he protects lucas . there are other wonderful minor characters such as ciro popitti's ben , a friend of lucas , whose diminutive stature does not mean he will take crap from the jocks . also turning up in a few key scenes is winona ryder as rina , the girl who admires lucas from afar . when people talk about the great teen angst films of the 80s , you hear john hughes this and john hughes that . lucas seems to be lost among the crowd of his so-called classics . but hopefully , like with heathers and say anything , lucas can begin to find it's own loyal following and help people realize there were more to the 80s than anthony michael hall and molly ringwald . it deserves more than that , but i don't want to be greedy .
[72]	pos	pos	yes	would be interesting to see yoda's girlfriend for a change , if he has one . not much better is qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) who mostly broods , and has a better hair do than obi-wan , but only to find the young anakin skywalker and make the biggest mistake of his life . also fascinating is george lucas ? metoclorian' theory , which claims that micro-organisms live within our cells and tie us to the fabric of the universe . and it is the high concentrations of these organisms in an individual which make them particularly powerful in the force . more humerous are the claims to the immaculate conception of darth vader , no doubt a concept stolen from the christian faith , except there will be no christmas to celebrate the birth of this dark emissary of the force . overall an experience which is not to be missed because of the very fact that it's predecessor almost command a viewing of this inferior successor . by all means not the pinnacle of the star wars phenomena but an adequate addition to the clan . watch out for the next one , it should be one steamy encounter between queen amidala and anakin skywalker - who i believe should be portrayed by ? leonardo di caprio .
[73]	pos	pos	yes	father and himself . as he encounters each member of his new family , promising each that he will send a postcard when he arrives at his final destination , he grows a little bit more spiritually and emotionally . bouajila does a terrific job holding center stage on the screen . the cast of characters making up felix's new-found family are nearly as charming as the star , each in their own way . patachou , especially , is wonderful as the grandma character and a kindred spirit to felix . ariane ascaride , along with her kids , gives a perf that really makes you think of her as the sister that the young man never had . only the " cousin " chapter lacks the emotional depth of the rest and feels like a perfunctory addition to felix's " family . " " the adventures of felix " does not reinvent the road movie , but it does provide a charismatic telling of a young man's journey to find himself and , to his surprise , his discovery is dramatically different than he expected at the beginning . it helps that cinematographer matthieu poirot-delpech's crisp lensing compliments the story perfectly as felix moves across the french countryside . i give it a b+ .
[74]	pos	pos	yes	theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma . one might have expected this inevitable joke to come off as wearisome , but as with most of " chicken run , " it comes as a delightful surprise . the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens . the animation is first-rate . remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable " chicken run " really is . this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail . as in such top-notch family fare as " a bug's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame . certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they'll catch all the details . anyway , the movie's just a boatload of fun . funnest damn movie i've seen all year .
[75]	pos	pos	yes	that , together , add up to something messy , but often wonderful . ewan mcgregor is extremely likable as christian , emphasizing the sincerity of the love-struck poet . mcgregor's singing voice is robust and adds vigor at just the right moments . once labeled the " ice queen , " nicole kidman melts that characterization with a sizzling , yet tender , performance . she handles the songs adroitly , although her voice sounds a bit thin in the upper range . veteran character actor jim broadbent is suitably larger than life as ringmaster zidler ? wait until you see him perform " like a virgin . " as the buffoonish duke , richard roxburgh proves to be the film's weakest link , although i'm sure he was simply following instructions . i suspect " moulin rogue " will be one of those love-it-or-hate-it films . while i didn't completely love it , i most certainly liked it a lot . over the course of a year , i see well over 300 movies , and most of them look like xeroxes of each other . " moulin rogue " is an original , and an original , even a flawed one , is a thing to be cherished .
[76]	pos	pos	yes	had such a humanistic role before , which i was surprised about . usually he is used as the butt of a joke , or as a caricature , but in this film , has a living-and-breathing , sympathetic person to play . topping it all off is latifah , also a singer , who is quickly turning into a respectable actress herself , and has a juicy , natural supporting role as , in some ways , judith's role model . another joy of the film is that it does not somehow form a contrived , " happy " ending , but , in staying with its realistic tone , manages to be upbeat , but truthful . the last shot is an especially powerful image . nothing is said , but just the image of someone walking down a sidewalk says it all . the relationship that results between judith and pat is true-to-life and sincere . as we watch these two people talk , and get to know each other , all that we wish for them both is to be happy , even if that does not include for them to become romantically involved . and as , " living out loud , " which is one of the best films of the year , proves , sometimes a friendship is the strongest bond anyone could possibly ask for .
[77]	pos	pos	yes	and two balls of icecream . the nut-biting finale between mini me and austin . all that body hair is a real turn on , it's a pity more leading men don't wear it on screen . anything that vaguely resembles sausages and eggs . fat bastard . the love scene between felicity and fat bastard , that redefines sex . the wrongly implied love scene in the tent that redefines anal sex . the love scene between austin and ivana humpalot , that redefines chess and oral sex . the love scene between dr . evil and frau farbissina , that redefines weird sex . the love affair between austin and felicity , that does not happen , because his mojo goes missing . the relationship between dr evil , himself and mini me which redefines a solo love affair . the unique relationship between dr evil and his son scott www . com . zip , that says a lot about our relationship with our children nowadays . weanies , johnny , richard , dick etc . ' this movie is every bit as silly and crazy as the first . there are moments that will make your sick , which are probably best forgotten , but overall mike myers has redefined what it means to be an international spy and leading man .
[78]	pos	pos	yes	, or a clever in-joke ? you be the judge . but back to the picture at hand . in the hands of a mere mortal , the gingerbread man would have been a routine thriller , no better or worse than the countless others we've all endured . in the hands of a master like altman , it becomes an exercise in existential doom , in its own way far more successful than scorsese's cape fear remake , which tried for the same result . what may prevent it from enduring with altman's greatest work is a weak third act - in fact , there really is no third act in grisham's story , so it appears that altman had to throw in the hurricane just to jazz things up . but there are true moments of riveting suspense , and great performances by branagh , davidzt and downey jr - more than enough to see you through . that polygram so hated this picture that they tried to steal final cut from altman , and then buried the marketing campaign when he won it back , should tell you how utterly clueless of quality most studios are . they probably wanted it to look more like a time to kill . and that , my friends , should make you very afraid .
[79]	pos	pos	yes	is immediately likable , and never seems too corny or brainy as to alienate the audience . unfortunately , while october sky focuses on homer , the other three kids get the short end of the stick . they remain little more than placeholders reading " insert friend here " . of the adults in the film , chris cooper is the most fully realized character . the film never paints him as merely the villainous parent standing in the way of his child's dreams , but , instead , shows the multihued portrait of a man who wants the best for his family and town , but is too stubborn to realize what that is . director joe johnson deserves much credit for successfully navigating the many obstacles that october sky manages to dodge . however , there are still a few occasions when he allows things to proceed just a step too far . scenes which were natural and inspiring start to become contrived and artificial . however , these lapses are minimal , and johnson quickly steers the movie back on course . the problem with many so-called " uplifting " films is that they attempt to force their mediciney goodness down your throat . october sky never resorts to that level , and yet , manages to become a truly uplifting film purely on its own merits .
[80]	pos	pos	yes	this three hour movie opens up with a view of singer/guitar player/musician/composer frank zappa rehearsing with his fellow band members . all the rest displays a compilation of footage , mostly from the concert at the palladium in new york city , halloween 1979 . other footage shows backstage foolishness , and amazing clay animation by bruce bickford . the performance of " titties and beer " played in this movie is very entertaining , with drummer terry bozzio supplying the voice of the devil . frank's guitar solos outdo any van halen or hendrix i've ever heard . bruce bickford's outlandish clay animation is that beyond belief with zooms , morphings , etc . and actually , it doesn't even look like clay , it looks like meat .
[81]	pos	pos	yes	scenes contain are the standout segments of the entire film . the supporting cast of greedy co-workers is also flawless . ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous as the ostensibly friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of seth , and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt . the energy of the cast as a whole makes boiler room well paced and never boring . the only major error in the film is that nothing major happens . there is no big plot twist or climatic point to make the film more memorable . due to the lack of a major event , boiler room never finds a suitable genre to fit into . the movie is not intense enough to be a thriller , the romantic segments involving seth and abby ( nia long ) are not properly finalized , and the dialogue isn't funny enough to make it a comedy . in having trouble to characterize the movie as a whole , boiler room is slightly confused at times . it doesn't seem to know which category to fit itself into . one satisfying concluding scene could have changed the whole film for the better . otherwise , the movie is fun to watch thanks to its lively cast of young actors .
[82]	pos	pos	yes	it , any time van damme tries to be dramatic , he looks silly . so maximum risk is a little different from most other action films . while watching it , i was surprised , and a little disappointed , in the relative lack of pyrotechnics . but watching some of these other action films is sort of like experiencing a sugar rush ; after the initial excitement , there's not much left . although it's short on spectacle , lam's film leaves a better and more lasting impression , i think . i'm more impressed by it now than i was while watching it , and to me , that's a good sign . go see maximum risk , but don't expect a typical hollywood action movie ; expect a sort of funky hong kong-hollywood action movie . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . dr t . white teaches film at the english language and literature department of the national university of singapore , but we don't hold this against him .
[83]	pos	pos	yes	in because it has a lot of human-factor going for it . never for once , was it trying to be manipulative at all , the full monty was true to itself all the way . while the hilarity level of this film soared unexpectedly high , audience will find that they are in no way being cheated of a laugh , something lacking in many comedy films ( wannabes ? ) from hollywood . other than carlyle , who acted as the psychotic begbie in trainspotting , the rest of the actors were definitely very new to me on-screen . however , the acting presented in this film is more than satisfying . carlyle's work here is a stark contrast to his character in trainspotting , implying real acting skill and flexibility on-screen . kudos to the people involved in this film , especially to director peter cattaneo for being able to put together an excellent film which is has so much potential in ending up as your just-another-striptease . already a critical and financial success for such a small film , the full monty is a humble film which deserves applause throughout . while titanic managed to feast the eyes and soul in an epic way , the full monty gives one the same satisfaction ? ? . in half the time .
[84]	pos	pos	yes	the convictions of animated characters . the one poor choice in casting , however , was rosie o'donnell . going into the film , i didn't know she was even a part of it , but when terk started talking , i recognized her voice immediately . her performance was fine , but through the rest of the film i kept thinking , " that's no boy ape , that rosie o'donnell . " distracting to say the least . i'll admit i've never read the edgar rice burroughs story " tarzan of the apes , " so i couldn't tell you how true this film stays to the book . but unless you're a purist , you should have few objections to this film . with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us . note : when i wrote my review of mulan a year ago , i went off on the promotional and merchandising tie-ins prevalent with the release of a disney animated feature . this time , i'll just say that i went to mcdonald's yesterday to treat myself to a mcflurry , and tarzan was on the cup . 'nuff said .
[85]	pos	pos	yes	time he does it , it seems effortless , spontaneous and fresh . ryan smoothly moves between spunky and vulnerable , with a sexy touch of winsomeness added to the brew . their scenes together sparkle , even though they lack the nostalgic romanticism of sleepless in seattle . and the shadow of that earlier hit hangs over you've got mail like dried-up mistletoe . the sparks created by the earlier movie are , by necessity , not evident here . true , these are two people seeking true love , but you've got mail is more comic and less poignant than its predecessor . the ephrons' script is witty and sharp . however , as a director nora ephron is a bit uneven . some scenes drag , while others , especially when hanks and ryan are revealing their souls via e-mail , are crisp and tidy . also , the script gets sloppy toward the end with characters merely disappearing from the story . a nice , romantic soundtrack adds to this date-night special . overall , you've got mail is a lush and cute outing , taking advantage of the star appeal of its two leads . it's a nice holiday movie , one for holding hands and snuggling . committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
[86]	pos	pos	yes	warmth and democratic spirit , amarcord could be viewed as one of the most humane films of 20th century , and it keeps its general feel good atmosphere despite depicting having many uncomfortable , melancholic and even tragic moments . fellini couldn't produce such effects without using his own directorial talent that gave a very personal touch to this movie . vignettes aren't memorable because of the characters only ; fellini uses camera , painting film in bright colours , especially in the scenes that depict character's fantasies . fellini also knows how to use locations , whether such location happens to be luxurious hotel , bright-coloured beach or rural countryside . even the down-to-earth streets of rimini , where everyone knows everyone , gets magical dimension during the snowfall . on the other hand , lack of credible special effects somewhat diminished the same effect during the ocean liner scene . this atmosphere is also provided by incredible talent of composer and fellini's long-time associate nino rota . his amarcord theme is probably one of the most recognisable , most popular and most relaxing and uplifting pieces of film music ever produced . that music alone should be the reason to view amarcord as one of the indisputable classics of seventh art .
[87]	pos	pos	yes	? . . . for safe-keeping . okay . a little unrealistic , but who ever said a kid's movie had to have the slightest hint of realism . the first half of the movie is a gorillas in the mist-esque hatred of poachers woman-of-the-wild motif . the second half is a straight up parody of king kong , awestruck onlookers and all . mark one down . i'm feeling relaxed . it is , as a point of fact , an extremely un-creative movie . but , as a vetern , i can say quite honestly that creativity doesn't count for as much as it should . so that saves mighty joe from my wrath , although my colleagues and cohorts and surely bashing this film at this very moment . this is not the film to take a girl on a date to . it's not the film for you . it's the film for you and your family . when you're right alongside your kid , all of the normal rights and wrongs slip away . the same thing happens when you watch a horror movie or an action flick . it becomes fun . all you have to do to enjoy mighty joe young is shut up and watch .
[88]	pos	pos	yes	and hold a contest : the last brownie on the table goes to the diner with the saddest life . the scene ends only as a british writer would end it . if anything , fantastic bits like these dull the main plot's dramatic impact . roberts and grant , especially , are appealing , but their relationship is convolutedly interrupted too many times ( four weddings' suffered similar flaws ) , and william and anna ultimately only have one thing in common : they're lonely . ( worth noting in roberts' and grant's favour : the ubiquitous " i'm just a girl , standing across from a boy , asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips , and it features some of the best emoting either actor has ever done . ) notting hill is nonetheless enjoyable ; on the visual side of things , i especially appreciated michell's playful changing-of-the-seasons number . if only ( and this is a surprisinly minor gripe ) he had lopped off the egregious epilogue ; for a story that thrives on what we bring to it , the filmmakers work too hard to tidy things up , leaving our imaginations in the lurch .
[89]	pos	pos	yes	, making his feature directorial debut , keeps the action swiftly rolling along and delivers the action goods , even upping the violence a notch ( this is the first trek film to bear a pg-13 rating ) to greater effect . st : fc has a bigger budget than the last trek outing , the middling star trek generations , and it definitely shows on screen--the production design and especially visual and makeup effects are outstanding ( in particular those involving the borg queen ) . braga and moore's mostly sharp script will please both trek devotees and the rest ; the references to the borg storyline in the tv series , the continuity with the previous film ( e . g . the ongoing saga of data's emotion chip ) , and a fleeting star trek : voyager crossover will make trekkers squeal with delight , but such points are made easily accessible to those less familiar to the trek mythos . paramount was reportedly worried about the staying power of its trek franchise with the next generation cast now carrying the helm . based on the entertaining success that is star trek : first contact , i'd say the studio has nothing to worry about ( at least not until this cast retires and the crew of the wan star trek : deep space nine takes over . . . ) .
[90]	pos	pos	yes	other films about people of color , almost all the major players are white . the film's salvation lies in the acting strength of everyone involved and the powerful presence of hounsou . the former model's first major role is a winner . without speaking more than five words of english , he conveys more emotion than most actors with a thousand lines of dialog . the other stand-out is hopkins who seems to be making a career out of portraying american presidents ( he also played the title role in " nixon " ) . the impassioned speech by the doddering old man who phases in and out of rationality is among the best court-room drama ever on the screen . there are some other great moments . especially impressive are the african's struggle to understand what is going on in the strange land . their interpretation of the bible based solely on the pictures and their own experiences is poignant . as grand as the epic is , it would have more impact had it focused more on the experience from the point of view of the africans . more humanity in the fight for humanity would have made it a four-star film . ( michael redman has written this column for a real long time and is just now getting around to seeing some 1998 films . )
[91]	pos	pos	yes	someone else . apparently , the devil is just as eager to skew his fantasies as she is to possess his soul . his other wishes also end up with some strange but funny twist that short-circuits his new life . soon , elliot wishes that he had never made that deal . given the mischievous nature of the devil , " bedazzled " has many amusing moments . a lot of the credit goes to fraser who turns in a great comic performance . he ably assumes various personas . his funniest segment is when he wishes that he could be the most sensitive man in the world . allison becomes so frustrated with him that she practically urges him to take advantage of her . hurley also heightens the humor quotient , especially in the transitional scenes when fraser waits to start his next wish after bailing out of the previous one . it's clear that she's having a good time with it all . yet , while the filmmakers work hard at creating funny scenes , they conspicuously avoid developing the allegorical underpinnings between good and evil that could have added more heft to this story . but that would be playing with fire . what they've got works , so you can easily accept it for the pleasant little comedy that it is .
[92]	pos	pos	yes	their way to hollywood . but , doc hopper ( charles durning ) , the owner of a chain of french fried frog leg restaurants has a different idea . he wants kermit to be his spokesman , but kermit is humiliated at the idea and spends the movie avoiding him and his assistants . the trip continues , with kermit and fozzie meeting miss piggy , rowlf , gonzo , the electric mayhem band , and more muppets who all share the same wish : to make it to hollywood . oh , and even more celebrities continue to appear . kermit and miss piggy continue to get to know each other a little better , including a rather funny scene at a restaurant with steve martin as the waiter . eventually , kermit and the group make it to hollywood . that is , after kermit is finally able to elude doc hopper and proclaim his freedom . lord lew , a big-time hollywood producer portrayed by orson welles , gives kermit his shot at stardom and gives him the go-ahead to produce a movie . the muppet movie is definitely a movie that is fun for all ages . it is also a sure-deal as one parents can watch , and enjoy along with their kids .
[93]	pos	pos	yes	was out of money and ceased operations . unlike the earlier , similar documentary startup . com , which chronicled the rise and fall of another dot-com , govworks , e-dreams focuses both on its original founders , especially park , and on the common folks that ran the day-to-day operations . the contrast is amazing , showing how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea is the next big thing . the film's director , wonsuk chin ( too tired to die ) , expertly juxtaposes upper management company meetings with on-the-spot interviews with the bike messengers , general managers , and floor staff that kept kozmo humming . the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . the most satisfying part of the film comes in understanding , to a degree , the expectations of numerous ceos commanding these titanic-type businesses . in the film's final interviews with park , we learn what happens when the money dries up and backers don't return phone calls . in the end , the name of the game was profit , and if you couldn't make money , even the dreamers got the axe . screened at the 24th annual mill valley film festival .
[94]	pos	pos	yes	) , or the strikingly manic dream sequences , one of which involves the dizzy spectacle of watching a strike from a bowling ball's point of view . if " fargo " was the coen brothers' most restrained effort in years , " the big lebowski " marks their return to over-the-edge filmmaking . it is overflowing with style and attitude , which helps make up for the scattered plot fragments that never quite come together in the end . the coens fill the screen with lighting , set design , music , and hilarious performances from all the leads , especially bridges and the always reliable john goodman , who shows real comic timing in his untimely 'nam-inspired outbursts and his intense dedication to his adopted judaism . with joel directing , ethan producing , and both writing , the coen brothers seem limitless in their capacity to turn our world inside out . their talent lies not in their ability to reflect the norms of reality , but in their potential to dig out the darkest corners of life and bring them to light . the coens rejoice in the oddballs of the world , and they put them center-stage to show that it's not just guys like the dude who are nuts , but the entire planet .
[95]	pos	pos	yes	senator offed , but not before the murder is caught on a naturalist's camera . by an extremist chain of events , the tape ends up in labor lawyer robert dean ( will smith ) 's posession , and it's not long before he's running from reynolds' cronies . it's only with the help of an ex-spook named brill ( gene hackman ) that dean is able to get to the bottom of things . the acting is top notch , and the three principles - smith , hackman , and voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around . smith puts aside the wisecracking act and becomes a normal human being ; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his character for greater ominpotence ; and hackman is simply over the top in the mysterioso role . smith's regular joe comes off particularly well , as he runs from authorties for reasons that he knows not . the supports are also in fine form , lending credibility to the main roles and advancing the plot in key areas . this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking .
[96]	pos	pos	yes	and the movie goes on for about 20 minutes too long . on the slick side , many of the special effects are really cool ( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper-drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling ( i will also admit that " somehow " they got me to semi-tear up near the conclusion of this picture . . . . very odd . . . . . ) . overall , if you're a big sci-fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts . little known facts : this film will always be remembered as the movie that knocked titanic ( 7/10 ) out of the top spot at the box-office after 15 straight weeks at number one . garry oldman is british , and was once married to uma thurman for about six months . mimi rogers was tom cruise's first wife .
[97]	pos	pos	yes	abandon . the alien , after all these years , is still terrifying , and a new breed that is introduced is no less so . the violence is appropriately grisly and extreme , and the action set pieces are suspenseful and exciting , most notably an extended underwater sequence . the film is absolutely mesmerizing visually , thanks to the solid work done by production designer nigel phelps and cinematographer darius khondji . as technically adept as jeunet's direction is , perhaps his ( and , for that matter , whedon's ) greatest contribution is the infusion of humor into this notably downbeat and serious series . a sense of humor may seem to go against everything this horror show stands for , but the self-awareness of the excess just adds to the fun . no , alien resurrection is not the great film that ridley scott's alien or the even greater film that james cameron's aliens was . but after the dauntingly slow gloom and doom of fincher's alien3 , jeunet's resurrection is a welcome return to its roots as a wild , reckless thrill ride . that is what made the alien series so popular in the first place , and that is what will keep the series popular in any future installments .
[98]	pos	pos	yes	other pixar efforts " a bug's life " and the 1997 short " geri 's game . " ( geri himself makes an appearance as a toy repairman who fixes woody's broken arm . ) the action is fast and furious , and the chases ( in the street , in a toy store , in an elevator , on a baggage carousel , and in an airplane ) keep getting bigger and better . " toy story 2 " never grows stagnant , because there is always something new to hold your interest . the more you pay attention to it , the more rewarding it is . it's rare to see a film like " toy story 2 " come along , because it's the kind of film that's almost impossible to dislike . it's created purely to entertain , and though i enjoy a thought-provoking drama as much as the next person , it's nice to see that films are still trying to do exactly what movies first tried to do : send us out with a smile . it's a fair bet that the whole family will have smiles on their collective faces after seeing " toy story 2 . " it's the rare sequel that manages to expand on , and live up to , the original .
[99]	pos	neg	no	anything remotely resembling a coherent story -- for example clear and present danger . the biggest problem seems to over-familiarization with the story . the writer perhaps feels that he doesn't have to present scenes that are clear to him , but the lack of which only baffles an audience which has not read the book . this is definitely not the problem with a simple plan , even though the screenplay is by the book's author . the movie is always clear on where it's going , and always makes sense . i'm sue a lot was cut , but really i can't remember what . even a minor scene involving a man complaining that he has paid for too much grains is included . the man only comes in on mondays , but he claims that he has been charged for one purchase too many . turns out . . . well , see the movie . one should be warned against seeing the trailer . it reveals several scenes from the ending moments ( which yes , like in the book , it is a downer ) , several plot developments , and much of the beginning . but much of this is not spelled directly out during the trailer , so if you're lucky , you'll have forgotten about all of this when you see the movie .
[100]	neg	pos	no	. since the days of lon chaney and boris karloff few actors have crossed over to stardom in a role that required heavy make-up . the one actor who has a shot is paul giamatti . it is not that his lines are so good , most are silly jokes . but he delivers them very well . he was always a watchable actor , but has not yet made stardom . as the ape-trader limbo he over-emotes to overcome his ape make-up , but does it very well . in doing so he makes himself the most interesting thing on the screen . he is probably the best thing in the film and conjures up memories of peter ustinov's performance in spartacus . as an in-joke there are several lines in the script borrowed from the 1968 film and an old ape played by charleton heston becomes an allusion to the first film by itself . danny elfman's score has a nice primitive feel , but jerry goldsmith's 1968 tour de force score is a real classic . that score and the whole film will be remembered when the 2001 film is forgotten . i rate the remake 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[101]	neg	neg	yes	on patrol " , when steve guttenberg and michael winslow perform the title song " citizens on patrol " during the opening credits ? it's just like that . anyway , part 3 takes place a day after the events of part 2 ( so technically still 1985 ) . this time , a group of horny teens ( who also bring along two aging hippie potheads for some reason ) head up to a cabin on crystal lake for a weekend of sex and weed . it turns out that one of the teens had been attacked by jason earlier in her life ( which must have been between parts 1 and 2 ) so why she has returned to crystal lake one day after a new batch of murders is beyond me . she's the lone survivor this time . part 3 was originally shown in theaters in 3-d , and from what i can tell from the video , it looks as though they may have been fairly decent effects . jason had long , wild hair when he was unmasked in part 2 . now , one day later he's completely bald . also , it being one day later , it can't be friday the 13th now can it ? oh well . steve miner is the only director who helmed more than one film in the series . [r]
[102]	neg	neg	yes	. i can't imagine anyone , no matter what they thought of the movie as a whole , liking this conclusion . either there was some serious last-minute editing or someone left out a few pages of the script . before the climax , i disliked hush ; by the time the end credits started , i hated it . viewers invest something in every movie they watch , no matter how good or bad it is . cheating them like this is offensive and unpardonable . most entries into this worn-out , worm-eaten genre aren't especially good . films like consenting adults , the hand that rocks the cradle , and single white female rely on stock plots and predictable twists to propel the narrative along . in general , however , they're directed with a degree of competence that assures a level of sustained tension . that's not the case with really bad thrillers like this , which fail to generate even a momentary heart palpitation -- the characters are too bland and the plot is too uninvolving for anyone in the audience to care . indeed , the title of this movie probably refers to what the producers hope viewers will do in lieu of telling their friends what they really think of this sorry piece of celluloid .
[103]	neg	neg	yes	jerk , and we all get cheap laughs because for 90 minutes the innocent kindergartner never finds out what it means when he mimics all the bad boy behavior . that's the essence of big daddy . but there's a bigger issue involved : marketing . movies that are rated pg and pg-13 are heavily marketed towards children of preteen age and below . on tv , film clips advertise these movies as family-friendly hit comedies . then when you go see them they turn out to be either raunchy sex acts like austin powers with characters named fat bastard - - or big daddy where adult characters get their jollies by buddying up to naive five year olds and encouraging them to experiment with drugs and mistreatment . folks in hollywood are trying to develop a preteen market for raunchy stuff , but i think most american parents would agree that early childhood is a time of mental innocence that should be protected from uncaring media market exploitation . to many american mothers there's probably nothing more pathetic and unsettling than the sight of a theater full of unsupervised little eight year olds laughing raucously as movie character father adam sandler jokes about a woman's " ice cold tits . "
[104]	neg	neg	yes	this , though the film is far from clear on this point ( to put it kindly ) . near the end of this scene-and here i must confess that wood lost me completely-is a violent sexual encounter on a couch that features two characters who do not even appear in the rest of the movie and is scored by goofily upbeat folk music . after this scene ends ( not a moment too soon ) , glen or glenda ? returns to its documentary style , but at that point any lingering sense that wood had the slightest idea what he was doing is pretty much gone . the film wanders to a dumb happy ending that also seems to abandon much of what it was trying to say about transvestitism , but at that point it didn't matter much what happened . as soon as the aforementioned sex scene was over , glen or glenda ? had pretty much cemented its place in my mind as the most incoherent film i had ever seen . i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and deliberately tried to make the worst movie i possibly could , it still might not match glen or glenda ? for sheer cinematic disaster . i am giving this movie an f , but i'm not sure that quite does it justice .
[105]	neg	neg	yes	baby-sitter gets gutted in the suit- ably spooky someone's-in-the-house prologue , parallel stories unfold , the first involving a texas sheriff ( r . lee emery ) , a gruesome double murder , and the arrival of a morose fbi agent ( dennis quaid ) on the eve of voting for the local lawman's reelection . the second pairs a hitch- hiker ( jared leto ) with a friendly former railroad worker ( danny glover ) . they're headed west , toward the rockies and away from the murder scene . which one is the killer ? well , it doesn't really matter , 'cause when writer/first-time director jeb stuart ( die hard ) finally spills the beans , you won't take his choice seriously anyway . the whole thing goes south about an hour in , with the tale taking hairpin turns that i certainly couldn't follow . and through the whole thing there's quaid , playing with the most intense monotony this side of steven sea- gal . i guess i'm glad that i didn't walk out-- there's some nice train stuff at the end and a fun nod to dr . strangelove .
[106]	neg	neg	yes	) . but enough about the differences . let's talk about the movie itself . it features a moses who , in the interests of making the character more human , lacks any divinity whatsoever , which isn't convincing at all to anyone who knows who god is . it features a cookie-cutter " i-wanna-please-dada " rameses , who at least is given dignity by the voicework of ralph fiennes ( from schindler's list , among other things ) . the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new-improved " miriam , voiced by the ever-antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) . speaking of which , it contains * very * annoying music . it contains shallow writing . it features extraordinary animation , which is one good thing i can say about this film . most of all , it contains an attempt to commercialize , homogenize , and mass-market a story about a manifestation of god . i am not christian , but i got the impression of blasphemy . the writers and producers took a butcher knife and chop-chopped into the story .
[107]	neg	neg	yes	by thomas jane , who was terrific as mickey mantle in the hbo movie " 61 * " ) turns up , hired by the frumpy woman's sister to find out what happened to the real julia . luis is also eager for the detective to track down the con artist , having decided that if he can't have her , he will kill her . oh , the pathos of it all . the cast appears to recognize the trashiness of the story , adjusting their performances accordingly . banderas is suitably impassioned , while jolie alternates between vamping and pouting ( and with those lips , she can really pout ) . as for thomas jane , he starts off acting suspicious and cagey , then accelerates to a snidely whiplash level of nastiness . his most startling moment comes when , to prove his power to humiliate , he forces luis against a wall , verbally taunts him while rubbing his cheeks against those of luis and then finishes establishing his dominance with a full-on kiss . if anyone ever questions the difference between sex and rape , show them this chilling scene . and if anyone ever questions the difference between real drama and a laughable potboiler , show them " original sin . "
[108]	neg	neg	yes	towards creating a three-dimensional human being before giving up and turning into scenery . the most interesting aspect of her performance is watching her pouty lips threaten to take over the screen . the rest aren't any better . michael massee's eccentric fbi agent never revs up . one of blossom's henchmen steals a few moments of the show as a quirky gunman reminiscent of val kilmer's doc holliday in " tombstone " . his two-gunned blasting as he does a bizarre dance is the high point of the film . but that 15 seconds isn't worth sitting through the other 90 minutes . first time film director andy wilson ( known for his work on the british television series " cracker " ) appears to be attempting to jump on the " pulp fiction " bandwagon . the best of these movies combine a sense of style and flash with significant substance . the second-rate ones concentrate on just one of these aspects . " playing god " does neither well . the basic idea of the film is solid . and then it goes nowhere . even worse , it plods back and forth , up and down a long and winding road before it ends up nowhere . fox fails yet again in his search for intelligent life .
[109]	neg	neg	yes	with a downtrodden prostitute , whose daughter is being held hostage , for some reason , by the villain . this is one of the worst love stories i have ever seen on screen , even worse than the one in pearl harbor . there's no conviction whatsoever as the movie barely pays lip service to it ; it's only here because someone apparently thought there should be some kind of boy-meets-girl subplot . kiss of the dragon was written by luc besson , whose screenplay the messenger : the story of joan of arc , for all of that film's flaws , was at least thoughtful . i don't know why the guy got himself involved in this train wreck , but perhaps he wanted to so something more mainstream after the neverending weirdness of the fifth element and the aforementioned stylized biopic . i suppose you could call this mainstream , but i'll choose the bizarre any time of the day . if action scenes in a movie are going to be brutal instead of dazzling , you need a story to justify watching them . the filmmakers behind kiss of the dragon should have rethought their strategy . no one will walk out of this misbegotten project smiling , but i hear rush hour 2 is coming in just a few weeks .
[110]	neg	neg	yes	between two of the teens achieves a smarmy charm , enhanced a few minutes later when the female receives a fatal jab from a bug , but tells her hero that she doesn't mind dying . " it's okay , " she gasps , " i got to have you ! " and then , of course , there's doogie's mind meld with a bug . it's possible that verhoeven was attempting to create an homage to the era of the original novel . heinlein's pre- " stranger in a strange land " books were aimed at adolescent males , and " starship troopers " has the antiseptic retro-future look of late 50s/early 60s sci-fi . the one cityscape shown is a jetsons-like gleaming metropolis , with flying cars whizzing past an obvious matte painting . the hairstyles are retro too , straight from the frankie avalon , annette funicello school of fashion . ultimately , verhoeven's motives are irrelevant . he has produce a gargantuan film that fails as an action film or as a social satire . it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie . avoid " starship troopers " at all costs .
[111]	neg	neg	yes	fact , if you want to see robbin's do comedy much better than in nothing to lose , i suggest you rent out the hudsucker proxy , where he is much funnier . nothing to lose does have some funny moments in it , however . the humour isn't particulary sophisticated , but if you enojyed dumb & dumber , you might enjoy this . the characters in arizona are funny , and there's also a good scene where robbin's asks a shopkeeper which 'threatening approach' was better , lawerences ( which consisted of lawerence threatening to shoot the shopkeeper's ass , and swearing a lot ) , or himselfs , ( which was speaking in a deep , scary voice ) but the gags are predictable , the lack of chemistry infurating , and the ending too far-fetched and 'perfect' nothing to lose then , is robbin's first 'bad' movie ( and hopefully his last ) , and suggests that odereick should twice before making another film . he nearly ruined carrey's career with ace ventura : when nature calls , let's hope he hasn't ruined robbin's ( or even lawerence's ) with nothing to lose .
[112]	neg	neg	yes	anger . the first movie was a mindlessly fun thrillride . this could have been a really cool movie . it isn't . the writers apparantly deemed it necessary to lower the target audience from teens to preschoolers . some of the plot elements are just plain stupid . how stupid ? take , for instance , how our heroes move around . they use giants spheres the roll around underground , supposedly at thousands of miles per hour . . . oh boy . . . even worse is the treatment of secondary characters . blink and you'll miss 'em . most characters had more depth in the video games . if you thought batman & robin was bad about this , you ain't seen nothin' yet . a good 75% of the characters are introduced , kick somebody around a bit , then either die or are forgotten about . there's no explanation at all for this . and for the final blasphemy , the fight that all the fans were waiting rabidly for , the fight hyped to be the most intricate of the movie , lasted about 3 minutes and then just sort of . . . ended . it almost made me weep . to sum it all up , rent it on video , and fast-forward through everything except the fight scenes .
[113]	neg	neg	yes	sandler's co-star in " big daddy . " draw your own conclusions . director/writer rand ravich coats the proceedings in dynamic sights masterminded by legendary " e . t . " cinematographer allen daviau , but too often favors the film's visual presentation over the story he's trying to tell . this bodes horribly for each dramatic development , like the surfacing of a suspicious nasa official ( " speed " 's joe morton ) to instigate jill's slow and stupid comprehension of the truth . his hyper-erratic behavior is probably supposed to give wife a paranoid edge . instead , he adds to the phoniness . theron and depp are certainly beyond this junk and will get other chances to prove themselves this fall - she as part of an imposing ensemble case in the john irving adaptation " cider house rules , " he in the lead of tim burton's eagerly-awaited " sleepy hollow . " undeserving of such talent , " the astronaut's wife " manages to be derivative , dull and uninvolving despite its seemingly ripe potential for unintentional laughs . in space , no one can hear you scream . but in a movie theatre , everyone can hear you snore .
[114]	neg	neg	yes	movie ) and not on the content . mia sorvino ( a passport forger ) is dragged into the affay and also provides a lame love interest as well as being rather handy with a gun . director antoine arqua has clearly not observed chow's excellent acting capabilties and simply requires him to mutter a few lines of broken english and look flash as he stands and shoots . chow's trademark of twin pistol shooting is saved for the finale ( which in fairness is quite good ) and there's not even a toothpick in site . and as for making chow shoot like a cop , well that's damned unforgiveable . to round up , the replacement killers is a pretty darned lame first outing for chow . it would appear he has left asia for a 90 minute pop video . this is not what we wanted at all , considering john woo was the exec producer . ( did he have no say so at all ? ) watch 'the killer' again and weep at the difference . review by chris hill . " there's room at the top , they are telling you still , but first you must learn how to smile as you kill , if you want to be like the folks on the hill . "
[115]	neg	neg	yes	him a former law professor so that he could verify the double-jeopardy theory when libby gets the drop on nick . it's a long way to go for one line ) . there's considerable sexual tension between travis and libby ( hey , there's something " the fugitive " didn't have ! ) , but it never goes anywhere . libby is a tv-movie everywoman , but judd's intense performance draws us in and makes us forget that her character has no distinguishing characteristics . this is judd's most prominent role to date , and she proves that she can light up the screen . let's hope hollywood gives her more to work with next time around . the quality of director bruce beresford's movies seems to depend on luck . when he has a good script and a strong cast , he turns out oscar-caliber work like " 'breaker' morant , " " driving miss daisy , " and " tender mercies . " when he doesn't . . . we get " double jeopardy . " screenwriters david weisberg and douglas cook previously collaborated on " the rock , " a script which probably benefited from the numerous uncredited rewrites . bottom line : ashley judd tries hard but can't save this predictable bore .
[116]	neg	neg	yes	, hank azaria as the cutlery-flinging blue raja ( no knives , but a phony english accent that's just as sharp ) , ben stiller as mr . furious ( whose only power seems to be his ability to get hot under the collar ) , janeane garofalo as a crazed bowler with her father's skull interestingly preserved , wes studi as a rhetoric-spouting cowled avenger , and kel mitchell as the token ( and , adding insult to injury , invisible ! ) black guy . bringing up the rear , so to speak , is paul reubens ( yes , that's pee wee herman paul reubens ) as . . . well , let's just call him the gas man . the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked . the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they can't begin to save " mystery men " --it's just one big mess . you're better off renting the video and pressing fast-forward to get to the funny bits . i believe i counted three .
[117]	neg	neg	yes	in " wanda " is done wrong here . " heartbreakers " is soulless , inept and , at 123 minutes , at least a half-hour too long . sigourney weaver and jennifer love hewitt throw themselves into their parts , but have nowhere to go with the metallic characters . gene hackman is utterly wasted in a one-note , one-joke part that has him doing nothing but smoking , coughing and waxing rhapsodic about smoking and sex . poor jason lee is stuck in the ingenue role and the normally charismatic actor comes off as merely bland . ray liotta manages to squeeze a tiny bit of humanity and humor into his walking clich ? , but only a bit . the low point in the film has weaver employing a russian accent bad enough to make boris and natasha wince , while doing half-assed slapstick with a broken off penis from a statue . bear in mind , though , that this is merely the worst segment of a movie made up of nothing but low points . if you remember bob hope specials with fondness , this might be your cup of tea . as for me , i'm going to watch " a fish called wanda " now and try to forget i ever saw " heartbreakers . "
[118]	neg	neg	yes	) a ditzy heroin-chic goth chick who has no ambition or self-respect whatsoever and allows herself to be pushed around just like " hick-boy " paul is . so we've got a fish-out-water formula mixed with meet-cute romantic comedy which ideally should make for a good movie . unfortunately the atrocious screenplay and boring direction by " clueless " auteur amy heckerling successfully manages to screw up everything about the film . these characters are totally unrealistic and unbelievable - it's as if everyone under age 30 is a stoned raver . there's no background or details to anyone or anything , it's just a bunch of cartoon characters running into each other . not to mention the story itself which is virtually non-existant and contains so many plotholes it's like swiss cheese . even the basic editing is bad . if you're looking for a romantic comedy stay far away from this one because it is neither romantic nor funny . i saw this in a packed cinema on opening night and the audience barely laughed at all . if you've seen the commericials you've seen all the " funny " parts ( which are all from the first five minutes ) .
[119]	neg	neg	yes	on arrival . if it's one thing that could possibly be the saving grace , it's the performances , and even they are mostly off-kilter and poorly delivered . kline is admirable , but he has little to do but invent silly devices on the spot . salma hayek is wasted as the romantic interest , because she is viewed as little more than that - window dressing to look pretty and create conflict between west and gordon . branagh , an esteemed shakespearean actor and director , adds marginal enjoyment to the film . but even he is so utterly weird and over-the-top . rarely is a film so lost in itself as wild wild west is . i suppose there's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big-budget release that manages to completely disappoint . wild wild west is such a movie , and will probably go down as one of the biggest disappointments of 1999 . but it is highly unlikely that this will go down in defeat at the box office . perhaps after this , audiences will be less assured when they see will smith's name stamped on a summer movie . after such hits as independence day and mib , wild wild west is not an impressive addition to the resume .
[120]	neg	neg	yes	clich ? in recent films . there is enough violence in the real world involving children without having to make them on-screen victims as well . yea , it's only make believe , but that doesn't mean you have to tolerate it . travolta is cool , deadly charming and flamboyant as the near-crazy gabriel . his character is reminiscent of his villainous characterizations in broken arrow and face/off . jackman looks dour through most of the proceedings . his only moment of any depth comes when he finally is able to create the worm to get inside the government database . his sense of joy and accomplishment is one any computer whiz can appreciate . halle berry is decorative and lovely as gabriel's assistant , while don cheadle is given little to do as the head fbi agent hunting gabriel . swordfish plays like a comic book with a larger-than-life character in gabriel . viewers align themselves with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero or villain . and maybe that is the movie's underlying flaw : there is no real hero to speak of , only those doing their upmost to survive . and that is not enough . this is one swordfish that should have been thrown back in the water .
[121]	neg	neg	yes	world within carl's mind could have been a bizarre , surreal universe governed by insanity and symbolism rather than logic . the first room catharine enters in carl's head shows this promise . she finds a horse standing in center of the room ; suddenly , sheets of sharp-edged glass fall into the horse , dividing it into segments . the panes of glass separate , pulling apart the pieces of the still-living horse . this scene is twisted , disturbing , and thought-provoking , because the psychological importance of the horse and its fate is left to the viewer to ponder . another element that should have been developed is the effect on catharine of merging with the mind of a psychopath . their minds begin to bleed together at one point in the movie , and this should have provided an opportunity to discover the dark corners of catharine's own psyche . like sidney lumet's " the offence " or michael mann's " manhunter , " " the cell " could have explored how the madness of the killer brings out a repressed darkness in the investigator . however , catharine's character is hardly developed at all , and lopez has no depth to offer the role . bottom line : don't get trapped in this one .
[122]	neg	neg	yes	resulting in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion . the star power here is quite strong , but the viewer can't help but feel the actors are wasted in this production . sean connery is given such mind-numbing lines as " never trust a naked woman . " ving rhames' character seems like an afterthought ; he's not developed at all . the camera zooms in frequently and leeringly at catherine zeta-jones's tight wardrobe . this , in and of itself , is not bad , but , after a while , it has a juvenile feel to it . at least the species movies hold no bones about the fact that they're exploiting the female body . entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development ( sean connery supposedly falls in love with the girl while watching her , in tights , arc and pivot around laser beams ) . the tagline for this movie reads " the trap is set . " it sure is , on those who spent money to see this movie . entrapment really isn't that bad ; it is watchable . i would suggest , however , one waits until this is on cable or television to see it .
[123]	neg	neg	yes	bored with apocalyptic settings . i understand why so many live-action films employ them ? they're cheap ? but animated films can show anything , so why wallow in an industrial trash heap ? the action scenes and shoot-em-ups don't satisfy either . the humans move oddly and their facial features are so muted that the talented voice cast can't bring them to life ( in fact , their efforts merely emphasize what we're missing ) . aki is especially disappointing ; with her lack of expression and flat delivery , she looks and sound like a brunet version of weena , the eloi girl from 1960's " the time machine . " drab color choices and aliens that appear to have been created in jell-o molds sap the pizzazz from the big set pieces . students of computer animation may be fascinated with the technology behind " final fantasy : the spirits within , " but i found it sub-par across the board . " futurama " does more effective battle visuals , the kids in " south park " are far more expressive than these mannequins and any old episode of the contemporary version of " the outer limits " does better doom and gloom sci-fi . so who needs this ? not me .
[124]	neg	neg	yes	the dga's alan smithee moniker . this was after the film's production company , cinergi pictures , preferred the cut made by producer/writer joe eszterhas to his . the original script of this film included arnold schwarzenegger and bruce willis . eszterhas announced through the media during post-production that cinergi pictures didn't have the money to pay for soundtrack . he said that he would finance the soundtrack from his own money and asked to submit tracks for it to him . he received 9 , 200 cds and cassettes from mostly unknown and unsigned artists , listened to all that was sent ( at least a couple of tracks from each record ) and compiled the soundtrack . this film practically swept the " razzie awards " in 1999 , given out to the worst of all movie categories of the year , with no less than the " worst picture " award , the " worst screenplay " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst supporting actor " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst new star " ( joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer ) and the " worst original song " ( " i wanna be mike ovitz ! " as written by joe eszterhas ) .
[125]	neg	neg	yes	ending . so why am i even giving this film a rating of three points ? well , it's actually pretty simple . i liked the locations in the movie and the groovy score , but my primary reason for slipping three notches onto this bedpost is for the gratuitous shots of jolie's boobies ( that's two points right there ! ) and another one for antonio's ass ( hairless , just for the record ) . everything else in this movie was pointless , boring and just plain stupid . try imagining a soft-porn movie . . . but without the plot ! that's pretty much what you've got here . a low point in the careers of both stars . oops , i almost forgot to mention the crappy dialogue . . . god oh mighty . . . make it stop ! ! where's joblo coming from ? american psycho ( 9/10 ) - cruel intentions ( 8/10 ) - eyes wide shut ( 6/10 ) - fatal attraction ( 8/10 ) - playing by heart ( 7/10 ) - under suspicion ( 7/10 ) - what lies beneath ( 8/10 ) - what women want ( 4/10 ) - whipped ( 7/10 )
[126]	neg	neg	yes	level as everyone else . and a truckload of empty comedic bullet shells , and you've got yourself an extremely quiet audience anticipating punch lines that never quite materialize . the only real good thing that i could say about this film is that its story was actually half-interesting and never really bored me . i also liked michael moore's perverted cousin character , and i loved , and i say it again , loved the character that bill pullman played . give this dude his own movie ! he played a lazy cop , a man who tries everything not to do any real work . he fakes injuries to get off duty , tries to avoid arrest situations so that he won't have to fill out any forms . . . now there's a base of humor . sadly , the filmmakers decided to bring him into play with only about half an hour left in the film . and there's not much else i can say about this movie , folks . on the whole , it was lame , included a slew of unlikable characters fiddling around in a pool of unfunny lines , and very little of interest for any target audience . but get somebody to write up a movie featuring that lazy cop played by pullman and i'm there !
[127]	neg	neg	yes	written movies , gussies up the film with lots of gold hues and pleasingly stylized action and they sell like proverbial hotcakes . every time something clever happens it's counterbalanced by something so overtly wrong that it jerks you back into realizing you're watching a movie . there's a innovative usage of black lighting that goes from being a novelty to a part of the plot . it's counterbalanced by an extremely feeble attempt at humor by having an asian american repeatedly failing a driver's test . imagine the yuks . there's a segment where one of the thieves shows another his cool fake fingerprint trick . it's countered by the lame semi-subplot of a car being stolen with a bunch of heroin in the trunk . the ramifications are never explored . then there's the ridiculousness of the many cops who actually shoot at fleeing cars . not only is it stupid , but it's against the law . this is a movie made of pretty , but tepid car chases strung together by just enough character interaction to move the plot along . gone in 60 seconds aptly describes how long it'll take for this marginally entertaining , but empty film to leave your memory .
[128]	neg	neg	yes	roberts as bubba rocque , always believable as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box ( see final analysis , coincidentally also directed by phil joanou ) is believable here as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box . and lest we forget teri hatcher's role in all this , this being her rather well-publicised paid vacation from playing lois lane on tv's " adventures of lois & clark " . . . she is totally ridiculous as rocque's manipulative and seductive cajun wife , coming across as devious as a mildly disgruntled au pair who's trying to get back at an employer who hasn't been giving her enough days off . it's probably safe to say that her day job beckons . and at the end of our day , none of this is really worth 2 hrs and 12 minutes of our personal misery . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[129]	neg	neg	yes	times before ; everyone picks on the hero until he shows a hidden talent and leads the underdog team to victory over the champions , in the process not only winning the respect of his teammates but also getting the woman he loves . and believe me , i'm not giving anything away by saying that sandler's team wins . if you would actually feel any degree of suspense watching this movie , then god be with you . the only things that keep this bomb from getting the big banana are the winning performances from henry winkler as the insecure coach and the severely underrated fairuza balk as bobby's love interest . i mean , they should be lending their talents to some loftier purpose , but they do extremely well with what they are given here . kudos to both of them . my advice to adam is to try and follow in the footsteps of veteran comedians like williams and steve martin , who made a very smooth and successful transition from stage to screen . rely more on actual comedy rather than strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh . or maybe even show what dramatic talent he might have , like jim carrey did with the recent truman show . with the obvious and considerable talent that he possesses , he just can't keep going on like this .
[130]	neg	neg	yes	of l . a . ( as well as her dog , who narrowly survives ) . there are some bright spots . they tossed in enough old film homages to keep me laughing . the best one is when jeff goldblum ( nicely named david ) turns on his computer and a picture of hal comes up and says , " good morning , dave . " and they even played r . e . m . 's " it's the end of the world as we know it ( and i feel fine ) at the beginning . and judd hirsch steals the film by actually acting great ( he's a stereotype , but i just loved the man anyway ) . but there are no real subtle comic moments . will gets way too many one-liners and he has no one to play off of ( execept jeff towards the end , and the two do great ) . as i said , this film has no balls . it is just aiming for a crowd pleaser and that's what it is . but after a couple months , we all move on to the next " event " film while intaking little films and a couple indy ones for good measure . but at least the indy ones last for a lifetime . this one's short on batteries .
[131]	neg	neg	yes	despite getting fifth billing in the credits ( ahead of liev schreiber , who boasts at least quadruple her screen time ) , has less than a handful of lines and almost nothing to do other than inflate the body count . i like to think that levinson and hoffman , recognizing how uninspired this movie was likely to be , chose to make wag the dog as a sort of penance ( the low-budget picture was filmed during sphere's lengthy pre-production phase ) . if that's the case , forgiveness is granted . i'm less inclined to look favorably upon crichton , although he has a few enjoyable titles on his resume ( jurassic park and the levinson-directed disclosure come to mind ) . even if his novel was butchered in the adaptation process , crichton's credit as a producer disallows him absolution . he was a willing participant in a creative travesty . no wonder sphere is being released in february , in the midst of the early year's cinematic wasteland . it deserves no better than to get sunk by the unstoppable titanic , which should plow sphere under on its way to a ninth-consecutive weekend atop the box office heap .
[132]	neg	neg	yes	may just be the worst of fall though . he is tragically unbelievable and comically bad . gwyneth paltrow is little more than satisfactory in her lead position as well . however , the supporting cast does almost save the day . geoffrey rush is nothing short of incredible and judi dench is breathtaking . they both seem to have shown that as proven actors they could survive in this film of weak links . you will also find a very good performance by ben affleck in his first real role since good will hunting ( no , armageddon doesn't qualify as real acting . ) . and rupert everett was cute in his small part as well . but not even they could save this sad excuse for a film , so it remains plagued by poor performances . when all is said and done , shakespeare in love is only worth the trip if you want to be entertained . however , as the film so kindly pointed out , entertainment may be fun , but it isn't necessarily quality . and this certainly isn't quality . perhaps this may be best compared to a john grisham novel , as a dear friend of mine often does compare things to his work . simply put , it is far-fetched , poorly crafted , but very entertaining .
[133]	neg	pos	no	dennis hopper , in a quick cameo as ed's biological father , is a nice choice ( ironically coming after the role he turned down as christof in the truman show ) . ellen degeneres stood out as the executive who , after awhile , decides the show must not go on much to the opposite of the head exec , rob reiner's opinion . i hate to compare this film to the truman show , but the fact is , i was ashamed to see this movie . it felt that i had dropped from college to kindergarten after seeing truman and ed . edtv had no real wit or genius ; it was typical hollywood . extracting the tv part of the movie , you have the simple plotline : man steals brother's girlfriend , girlfriend leaves town , man gets new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on , slut breaks up with him , real girlfriend comes back , and voila , you have a romance . i got so restless during this movie , i almost walked out . the only reason it doesn't drop below a " c " grade is because of the fine supporting performances . ad2am " i almost lost my nose . . . and i like it . i like breathing through it . " -jack nicholson , chinatown
[134]	neg	neg	yes	guy on death row who has special powers to heal , and we are left wondering if he should still be executed or not . wow . how interesting . the plot's utter predictability is also at fault here with one guess as to whom is to get healed by the gentle monster in this film ( we are told that one certain lady has a tumor early on in the movie ) . whip out those thinking caps , kids ! hmmm , and i wonder what will happen to those two cookie-cutter " evil " guys who have nothing in their system but hate and negativity . hmmmm , now think hard here , boys and girls . what a crock ! i am guessing that this film was supposed to be some three-hour exercise in spirituality , but unfortunately for me , it was neither spiritual or the least bit engaging . in fact , it was one big bore . i didn't see the point of the movie , i didn't see the point of the story and i certainly didn't see the point in tom hanks' big double-chin . all in all , a bad movie starring some great actors doing solid work , especially michael clarke duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey . give that man an award or something !
[135]	neg	neg	yes	them . no suspense occurs in the dream sequences either because every single one of them is obviously a dream sequence from its inception . if the goal of the babysitter was to be humorous , then it also fails . i found nothing even remotely funny about the boozing parents who seemed , at times , to be played for laughs . if the goal of the babysitter was to be dramatic , then , once again , it fails . the characters are one-dimensional and uninteresting . finally , if the goal of the babysitter was to be titillating ( the type of film destined to be played ad infinitum on hbo at 2 in the morning ) , then it fails as well . the dream sequences aren't erotic ; they are too brief and , outside of one very short scene , contain no nudity . i can't completely trash this movie . the first 10 minutes or so vaguely resemble an interesting film , and the conclusion sports a halfway decent fistfight . the other 79 minutes , though , are a drag . silverstone's character , at the end of the movie , turns to her boyfriend and asks " what were you thinking ? " i asked myself the same question , having spent 99 cents renting this turkey .
[136]	neg	neg	yes	. in the one-hundred year history of motion pictures , there have been a ton of bad " white " movies about mismatched lovers , so i suppose it's only fair that we get a " black " effort of the same low caliber . as in all romantic comedies , we know from the beginning that woo and tim are going to end up together . the question is , are their courtship rituals entertaining ? in a good entry to the genre , the audience becomes caught up in the love story , no matter how familiar it is . in woo , the constant reliance upon unfunny , moronic humor sinks the project . for those who enjoy spotting continuity gaffes , there's a huge one in woo involving a corvette with a broken window that miraculously repairs itself ( added to that is the mystery of how the car looses its top ) . sadly , that's one of the film's most enjoyable sequences , and the entertainment value is entirely unintentional . despite exuding charm from every pore , there's little that pinkett smith and davidson can do to save their characters or david c . johnson's script . since it misses the mark by so much , a better name for woo might have been whoops .
[137]	neg	neg	yes	relationships . jakob's character arc may be about his willingness to act for the benefit of others , but there are plenty of others without poor little lina . every scene with her feels contrived , pulling jakob the liar away from its central story of hope coming to a previously hopeless people . it is a pleasant surprise to find that jakob the liar is a much grittier production than you might expect from a hollywood-ized holocaust , combining the weighty subject matter with dark humor in some effective ways . director peter kassovitz , working from jurek becker's novel , crafts some nice scenes between jakob and the other townspeople , and draws solid performances from armin mueller-stahl ( as a once-revered doctor ) and bob balaban ( as a barber drifting into depression ) . there are just too many things going on that prove distracting , whether it's the sketchy romanctic angle involving liev schreiber as an earnest former prizefighter , or williams' incongrous presence , or a sweet but utterly irrelevant little girl . jakob the liar deals with too delicate a subject for such fumbling , and has too compelling a central character to waste . and after one wonderful early scene , you can see the film wasted and fumbled away .
[138]	neg	neg	yes	the film has redeeming qualities . but it does . first , it is original . we men often wonder what women talk about when they are alone in groups , and i imagine this film gives me a pretty good idea . it's something i don't think has been the subject of a film . second , the interviews of the miami women are sincere . taken together , they form a mosaic picture of miami beachwalkers and bistro diners . the mosaic is made of sound bites and stereotypes , but each tile is some woman's real experience . neither the picture of women , nor their picture of men , is truly representative , but the point is that both sets of generalizations are telling in their own way . at some level , the stereotypes that emerge can be called true . i can imagine some people liking this film when its characters talk about their " likes , dislikes , skills , and thrills , " but on the whole , it's pretty bad . and that makes it even harder to forgive the bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension . i'll give beyer one more strike , and then she's out . rated r ( almost got an nc-17 ) for explicit sexual dialogue and nudity .
[139]	neg	neg	yes	along with her latent lesbian lust . meanwhile , a hotshot director ( justin theroux ) , whose wife is in bed with the poolman , is forced to cast a certain actress in his new film and there's an assassin ( mark pellegrino ) roaming the city . the tortuous paths of these various characters - and others named cookie , coco and cowboy - intersect at various points but the plot remains elusive because , midway through the story , lynch has the brunette and blonde play two different women in an alternate reality , leaving a huge wad of cash , a blue metallic key , a paralyzed mogul and a lot of questions that go unanswered . elena harring and particularly naomi watts are gifted actresses , effectively making the subtle switch . the same cannot be said for former m . g . m . dancer ann miller who's stiff and self-conscious , speaking - like most lynch players - in staccato tones . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " mulholland drive " is a frenzied , frustrating 4 . originally designed as an episodic tv pilot , this surreal triumph of suspenseful style over substance is packaged as a puzzle with several of the key pieces left out .
[140]	neg	neg	yes	who enjoyed success with the wes craven-directed scream but couldn't pull anything solid in for this outing or i know what you did last summer . although he designs the faculty with more of a sci-fi bent than his typical slasher picture , it still comes down to the same results : throw the stock characters in a steel cage match and see who comes out alive . on that level , the main roles are played by virtual unknowns . only the recognizeable elijah wood ( deep impact ) is at the front ; other than that , the screen veterans are saved for the minor roles of the alien teachers . perhaps williamson has it in mind to champion these up-and-comers to the fame that their scream and last summer counterparts achieved ; but to do that , they'd all need to star in their own wb television show about the horrors of puberty a la " dawson's creek . " needless to say the acting is far from top notch , nor does necessity ask that it should be . there is a moment or two of genuine horror , but unfortunately williamson and rodriguez did not take the story far enough in the sci-fi direction to make any use of it . in sum , the faculty was just one long shot that did not pay off .
[141]	neg	neg	yes	the convoluted script eventually builds into a disaster that is impossible to bear . the more idiotic these characters get , the more reckless the script becomes . at one point , i wanted to get out of my seat and yell at these characters : " no , you idiot ! " i'm not just talking about willard and rusty , who were extremely annoying , i'm also talking about the cops in this film . a monkey could have solved this case within an hour but these guys ( headed by murder one's daniel benzali ) were just too clueless to forgive . they give real cops bad names . also poor danny devito apparently does not know how to turn down a role these days . looking almost identical to his penguin in batman : returns , every time he appeared on the screen i had to shake my head in disbelief . he just didn't belong in this movie . macdonald and chapelle are veterans at these kinds of movies but devito made the film much worse than it already was , gross out humor is certainly not his forte . if you're a fan of norm macdonald's other chaotic comedy , dirty work , you might actually love this near-sequel . otherwise , don't get screwed out of your hard-earned money .
[142]	neg	pos	no	says " based on an idea by the spice girls " . wow , they got idea credit ! i certainly wish that was a new trend in hollywood . . . giving credit for simply having the thought " say girls , let's make a movie ! " the supporting cast fares well . roger moore ( the real james bond ) mockingly plays the cliche-spewing " chief " of the spice girls , and darn it all , he's fun to watch . mark mckenney also is good as a screenwriter trying to pitch film ideas to the band's manager ( richard e . grant ) . one question though : george wendt ? you'd think that " spice world " would envoke one of two reactions in people . if you like the spice girls , you'll like them even more afterwards . and if you can't stand them ( like me ) , then " spice world " will really make you sick . oddly , the audience i saw the film with , roughly 50 twelve year-old girls , sat in silence for the entire film . well , not the two who sat directly behind me . they kept muttering " this is stupid " over and over again . maybe there is hope for humanity after all . [pg]
[143]	neg	neg	yes	between two powerful giants . wigand has always wanted to make tobacco safer and has natural sympathies with getting the story out . he and his family are assaulted psychologically and financially by the giant tobacco industry that had never lost a legal fight . al pacino is given top billing but the wigand family is the core of the insider . the story is told slowly and in just a bit too much meticulous detail . the film is 157 minutes and is an extremely demanding film for the audience . the musical score by pieter bourke , lisa gerrard , and graeme revell is one of the worst in recent memory . it puts ominous chords under some scenes and using voice in ways that become a distraction that gets in the way of the storytelling . also disturbing is the casting of christopher plummer as mike wallace . plummer and wallace are such different types and wallace is too well-known for even so good an actor as plummer to play him convincingly . this film might have been a really engaging experience under another director's control . michael mann was the wrong person to helm this film and the insider lacks intensity because of his style . i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[144]	neg	neg	yes	. iguana out of focus . . . iguana comes into focus . wow , man . when i found out afterward that this film was based on a novel , it came as no surprise to me . there are plenty of elements here that , if extended and fleshed out more , would have made for a decent story . and i wouldn't be surprised if i found out there was an hour and a half of footage cut from this movie lying in a landfill somewhere , or waiting in the wings for the dvd special director's cut . . . not that anything would ever possess me to purchase such a thing to find out what i was missing . the last ten or so minutes featured a conversation between the eye and the judd that was supposed to be some sort of revealing exposition . some guy in the back of the theater was talking on his cell phone , and this time i didn't particularly care all that much because what was happening on the screen was a steaming pile of unholy crap ; the audience around me chuckled and whispered sentiments similar to what i was thinking . someone near cell-phone-guy did eventually yell , " shut the hell up ! " , but it was a lot funnier when we thought he was talking to the screen .
[145]	neg	neg	yes	of those movies . robert rodriguez , who directed the terrific low budget " el mariachi " came to hollywood and directed the horrible , high-budget " desperado . " i don't know why a foreign director who shows such talent in his country can't make a good american movie . woo finally broke through and made " face/off " , but it still isn't up to par with his earlier films . i get the feeling a hollywood producer sits in his office , chews on a big smelly cigar and says to the director , " welcome to america ! i bet you must be tired after being on that boat for so long . do you speak english ? now , i know you think you've made good movies in the past , but now you're in america , so things are a little different here . just remember what the american audience always wants , and you'll be fine . they want to see at least one big breasted woman , characters that they've seen a thousand times before ( because change scares americans ) , and you always need a cheesy feel-good ending to wrap things up . if you don't make that kind of movie , you'll be shining my shoes in no time . "
[146]	neg	neg	yes	no humanity at all to her character as she single-mindedly strives to recreate darren into her mind's image . she's a monster that wayne and j . d . must defeat to save their friend . unfortunately , there is no dimension to her character . amanda detmer brings nothing ( or gets nothing ) as darren's one and only . r . lee ermey , as the psychotic coach , made a bad decision taking this role . tune-meister neil diamond gives a good-natured cameo perf as the boys' idol and savior . production values are on par with the rest of the film - lackluster and non-involving . director dennis dugan has a track record for broad comedy with films like " big daddy " and " beverly hills ninja , " but falls flat with " saving silverman . " the 2001 movie year has yet to provide us with a " good " film to sink our teeth into . at least , with " saving silverman , " we get a couple of funny perfs from zahn and black . too bad that the rest of the film lacks their level of humor . kick boxing deaths and conflicted nuns are not the makings of a good comedy . i give it a c- .
[147]	neg	neg	yes	and sneak-ins where robin slips out of his jail cell , breaks a window , then returns , all without quinn ever noticing . also added to the pointless proceedings is some would-be humorous shenanigans involving quinn's dimwitted deputy ernie attempting to engage in clandestine patrol car sex with his girlfriend donna ( karen sillas ) . with a half hour ( if even that long ) remaining , director william ryan and writer john hughes ( yes , john hughes of '80s youth films and _home_alone_ ) finally approach something close to a point . turns out robin still pines for his high school sweetheart lise ( brooke langton ) , who has long gone on with her life , and hughes's main concern at long last reveals itself as a tired " live in the present and for the future " message . most moviegoers , however , will likely be asleep by that time . wide awake , however , is the cast , who individually tackle their showcase dramatic scenes with energy and skill--thus revealing the _real_ purpose behind this listless enterprise : to serve as a series of acting exercises . such a glorified workshop may have its rewards for the actors , but it leaves audiences with a booby prize . ( opens october 16 )
[148]	neg	neg	yes	mentality of this regressive movie . to make matters worse , the buffoons that go hunting vampires are all rednecks , and deserve to have their heads bitten off , if not , their bodies carved in half . the dilemma of hating the ? heroes' as much as the ? villains' , makes one wish that the ? hand of god' would suddenly appear and blast both parties into oblivion . james wood portrays jack crow , a man obsessed with killing vampires , whose soul reason for living is based on revenge ( they killed his parents ) , but this is not a good excuse for being more obnoxious than the vampires . as for adam baldwin , he is nothing more than a stooge who is ordered to beat women when the director shouts ? action' , and the script should have been reworked to avoid much offence against the female sex . as for the claims that the catholic church created ? dracula' , well that is the second most sacrilegious suggestion , outside the fact that priests and monks bear the brunt of the vampire fury , with enough blood spilt to make the inquisition look tame . an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers .
[149]	neg	neg	yes	figured out who before any of this starts ) . rotting flowers , a writeup in the obituary , and a beaten neighbor are just a few of the bad things which happen to her . suspense cliche number one also occurs : whenever someone is stalked in thrillers , by any means , if the stalked has a pet , that pet will die . oftentimes , to even further the cliche , the murdered pet is a cat ( suspense filmmakers , for some reason , just don't like cats ) . sarah , in never talk to strangers , receives a package and , lo and behold , discovers her mutilated cat within . suspense at its very derivative ! as stated before , never talk to strangers is a poor excuse for a film whose sole purpose seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay's bodies as often as possible . comedian dennis miller is completely wasted here ( he's not given lines that are suitable for his persona ) and doesn't even appear all that much . maybe , in a way , he's lucky for that . early on in the movie , sarah tells tony , after meeting him in a supermarket , that she had been advised to never talk to strangers . allow me to advise that you never watch this stinker .
[150]	neg	neg	yes	brazilian peppers she uses , and they change her ethnic dresses to low-cut vanna white type of sexy dresses . cliff , her would-be boyfriend , acts creepy and sides with the network big-shots , even though he loved everything she did . these tv scenes were not only bad stereotype scenes of tv honchos , they were revolting . it was an insult to one's intelligence . i'm sure that i'm not spoiling the ending for anyone , when i tell you that toninho reforms his macho ways and together they cook up a meal that breaks her spell of loving him again . if the film wasn't terrible enough , monica and cliff act on their attraction for each other and become lovers . it was so awkwardly done , that it had no sense of truth or humor to it . this film might as well have been made by the same network guys featured in this film , because it doesn't look or feel like an almod ? var film , the type of film it aspired to be , but more like a film that was interferred with from above . its more like a futile commercial film that is more annoying than charming and more dull than chic , as it searches for box office heaven .
[151]	neg	neg	yes	an ill-fated romance with nitro girl sasha ( the lovely rose mcgowan . what she sees in that freak marilyn manson i'll never understand ) , only to find that she has hospitalized king's trainer for sinclair . wouldn't it have been easier to just have them fall in love instead of doing the typical spy-girl-for-the-bad-guy cliche ? i hate that . 6 . last , but certainly not least , there was not one single moment in this movie that i could not predict would happen , nor did i laugh once either . the world wrestling federation should have been the wrestling company to make the movie , for these reasons : 1 . they're the better promotion . 2 . they have better and younger talent , performers and wrestlers . 3 . they give their fans what they want and don't treat them like idiots . 4 . they're winning the ratings and they're the promotion everybody cares about . 5 . simply put , they could make a movie a hundred times better , and they could do a wrestling movie the right way . the only good thing about this movie was they played outtakes at the end . and if i spoiled it for you , good , i saved you from wasting seven dollars .
[152]	neg	neg	yes	does work . oh yeah . the color scheme is nice . the real question is how this movie ever got made . could it have something to do with the fact that l . ron hubbard was the founder of scientology ? and that john travolta is a member of the church . that might explain why travolta bought the rights to the novel years ago . but it doesn't give us a clue as to why first-time screenwriter corey mandell's atrocious script was used . or why the high-profile project was entrusted with roger christian who had never before directed a major film . or why no one looked at this thing before it was released and realized there might be problems . the one bright spot is that no longer will kevin costner's " the postman " ( which i begrudgingly admit as a guilty pleasure ) be " the " big budget science fiction failure . " battlefield earth " has the honor sewed up . often reviewers will recommend that you skip mediocre films and wait for the video . that's not the case here . you can act now and make the decision to not see it on the big screen or on the small one . don't hesitate . strike now while the iron is cold .
[153]	neg	neg	yes	should have been curtailed from the very beginning ! the amish in this movie are also flimsy and unconvincing . it's such a trite , stereotypical script that i imagine the actors that were cast ( noticing that they're all predominantly tv figures ) were probably the only ones they could get ! bryan spicer's directing doesn't help one bit , either . in fact , listing spicer's filmography ( which includes the first " power rangers " movie and the big screen adaption of mchale's navy ) is more of an insult than a r ? sum ? ! now that i've pretty much run for richer or poorer into the ground , i will let you in on the best thing about it . it bumped seven films up a notch on my " worst of " 1997 movie list . that's right , thanks to this film ranking at number 3 for the year's worst , six films are now not seemingly as bad , and a smile like yours , previously inhabiting the number ten spot , now doesn't have to suffer the ridicule of making my bottom ten list . if you look at it in that respect , for richer or poorer will end up making someone happy after all !
[154]	neg	neg	yes	so drunk one night that he had " welcome aboard " tatooed on his penis . grammer probably did something even worse -- got really drunk and agreed to appear in a movie he knew nothing about . same for holley ( save the penis part ) , who is likeable in down periscope just because she's so gorgeous . as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship . my theory is that down periscope is one of those movies that got the green light before the script was even written as a formula comedy ( " okay , it's police academy in the navy with frasier at the helm and the chick from dumb and dumber . " ) and after everyone was signed on turned into a disaster . judging from the video box , most other movie critics agree with me . the only quote the down periscope copy writers could dig up came from the prevue channel's jim ferguson . i guess even jeff craig from " 60 second preview " ( who said tank girl " kicks butt ! " without ever seeing it ) didn't like this .
[155]	neg	neg	yes	julie lays blissfully unaware in a tanning bed , giving him a perfect chance to wreak vengeance once and for all , what does he do ? he twist-ties the lid shut and cranks up the uv rays - you'd think he'd want her gutted now instead of a skin cancer victim later . even prequel " summer " lovers might balk at how little there is here beyond sporadically amusing absurdity and a few neat-o shots of blood flowing from toned teenage flesh . the innovative gallows humor that scribe ( and " scream " wunderkind ) kevin williamson injected into " i know " 's unfolding story is sorely missed , replaced with the grating antics of a white rastafarian cabana boy who smokes weed and tosses off slang like " yo " ; you'll cheer - not shriek - when he ends up with a pair of hedgetrimmers firmly implanted in his chest . if " i know what you did last summer , " however effective , was just the kind of movie that those subversive " scream " flicks poked fun at , then the deadly " i still know what you did last summer " deserves a full-blown roasting on " mystery science theatre 3000 . "
[156]	neg	pos	no	gave watchers reborn a star and a half because bad horror / sci-fi film buffs may get a few kicks out of the film's silliness ( though this film will tax even their patience -- it's an 83 minute film , but it feels like four hours ) . also , i hate to admit , i have survived far worse than this . anyone who has sat through the christopher lambert and natasha henstridge debacle known as adrenalin : fear the rush will know what i mean . finally , i couldn't help but think that watchers reborn would work well as " bot fodder " for the creative folks behind one of my all-time favorite shows , " mystery science theater 3000 . " this thought alone helped me survive watchers reborn with a smile on my face . rated r , watchers reborn contains dozens of blood-spattered bodies and unconvincing gore . it also has violence , obviously . i wouldn't recommend it for the little kids , but i'm sure even young teens would make it through this movie okay . instead of watching this film , however , i recommend reading koontz's book . trust me , it'll be time much , much better spent .
[157]	neg	neg	yes	the boys let rip with a naughty word . it's sad that a writer of neil simon's stature has grown desperate enough to resort to swearing for cheap laughs , but not surprising when you look at what else gets passed off as humor in this tepid exercise . one running gag involves oscar and felix's inability to remember the name of the town where the wedding is to be held . at one point , the men actually spend 30 seconds just free-associating , riffing off variants of the word " san . " the sequence is so creatively bankrupt that it is simply embarrassing . one of the oldest maxims of film-going is " beware of movies that use the author's name in the title . " " neil simon's the odd couple ii " is no exception to the rule . while the production has enough minor pleasures to warrant a tv viewing on some lazy sunday afternoon , it has no business playing in a movie theater . of course , there's a bathroom full of old guys who would strongly disagree with every word i've written , and would probably whip my " young-whippersnapper " ass to boot . one thing's for sure , though . they'll never catch me in a car chase .
[158]	neg	neg	yes	later in ghostbusters . he was even better in caddyshack , for crying out loud . as with a lot of the late 70's / early 80's comedies , stripes is a completely juvenile movie only a child would like but is so sex- obsessed no child should be able to watch it . i'm sure it seems funny on paper to have candy pay over $400 to mud wrestle five beautiful women , but while watching it all that was coming out of my mouth was the admonition " dear god ! " every few seconds . stripes isn't the playful kind of sex comedy , either . most of the time it seems downright misogynistic , as when larroquette uses his telescope to peer into the women's showers or murray lifts a female m . p . onto the stove and , with an i-know-what-you-like look on his face , says he's going to give her the " aunt jemima treatment , " which means shoving a spatula under her butt repeatedly . you don't want to stick around as the scene progresses and he uses an ice cream scoop on her genital region . " i'm not enjoying this , " the woman protests . my sentiments exactly .
[159]	neg	neg	yes	( 1993 ) , but his talent is nowhere to be found in this latest excursion . there is one fight on a streetcar between jeffries and another hitman ( played by peter stormare ) that is so ineptly directed , shot and edited , that i had no idea 1 ) exactly where they were on the streetcar , 2 ) who was hitting who , and 3 ) where this hitman came from and how he knew where jeffries and simon were . the grand finale takes place on the roof of a tall building , and features a harrowing ( yawn ) scene where simon walks along the very edge of the building , not because he has to , but because it's more suspenseful that way . taken as a whole , " mercury rising " is an tepid , confused movie that lacks style , wit , and any traces of a sense of humor . usually willis brings his personal brand of understated humor to his roles , but here he is too straight and serious . this is because the movie wants to be an action flick and a heartfelt drama at the same time , but it ends up failing on both fronts . maybe the book was better , but the way it's handled here is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to bore .
[160]	neg	neg	yes	, who falls victim to this thankless love interest role here , is actually one of the few characters that we get to know in the 103-minute running time , alfre woodard was far superior in , " first contact . " she should have returned for this one , but i don't blame her for not wanting to waste her time with this movie's disappointing and often lifeless screenplay , by michael piller . " star trek : insurrection , " is perhaps the weakest film in the " star trek , " series , although i have not seen what is widely considered the worst , " star trek v : the final frontier . " " insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non-fans , since it is so low-tech compared to most of today's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts . on second thought , they probably should have completely thrown the script out . that way , they could have come up with a story that at least had a sign of intelligence and freshness .
[161]	neg	neg	yes	, batman , superman , the phantom , they must possess an element of normal civilians to make us think they are extraordinary . none of this is present in spawn . the fighting sequences are weakly executed , the dialogue is penny-dreadful and the art direction an odious duplicate of blade runner's . as an example of this film's vastly creative imagination the writers of spawn decided to include a poor orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten , and then rescued by spawn , so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic . admittedly , i did laugh once in the film , and that's when todd mcfarlane showed up in an unexpected cameo as a bum . it is no wonder why so american children grow up with no engrossment for art or literature . besides blaming a large portion of it on the laughable school system , i condemn the other part to garbage like spawn . movies that present no admiration , no captivation , no richness and vague interest in what children are being subjected to . and kids will continue to see films like spawn , simply because they are unable to differentiate what makes an imaginative , wondrous film from an insipid and wasteful one . children are not muppets . and spawn unapologetically targets children .
[162]	neg	pos	no	but reads sir thomas more by firelight at night . although the story is updated , you know the plot . danielle meets prince henry ( dougray scott ) , goes to a ball disguised , is later found out and they live happily ever after . the movie is often like watching a filmed play . theater in real life is engrossing . theater on the screen is usually lifeless . there doesn't seem to be much going on . the camera can be a star of films . here it's a co-conspirator . danielle's convictions are compromised . a socialist and a feminist , she pretends to be royalty to get her man . a kind woman , her last act in the movie is one of revenge . the most enjoyable characters are the most cartoonish . the fairy godmother stand-in , leonardo da vinci ( patrick godfrey ) is fun to watch as the eccentric old man who advises danielle . huston is enjoyable in her over-the-top wickedness . in all fairness , my companion loved the film . maybe it's one of those " chick flicks " that men don't like . it is certainly a date film . nearly the entire audience was couples . oh well , maybe it's good for something .
[163]	neg	neg	yes	a former nemesis of the hawk who again comes into play , and he looks unsure of his place the entire movie . especially when he resorts to martial arts during the final showdown , and has a fight with willis that would look right at home in a jackie chan film . things get more bizarre when we're introduced to his team of rejects named after chocolate bars , including future nypd blue star david caruso as the speechless , card-flipping kit-kat . if that's not enough for you , there's richard e . grant and sandra bernhard hamming it up as a deranged couple on the brink of a convoluted economic takeover . their crotch-biting pooch provides a couple of the big laughs here . wait , maybe the only big laughs . . . i'm not sure what kind of movie everyone had in mind when filming hudson hawk . i can't even begin to start about the film's absurd plot ; but let's not get into that . i suppose there's some amusement viewers could derive from the ridiculous premise , if they were that desperate . but hudson hawk never even has a clue of where it's going from minute one , and from there it's 90 minutes of pure cinematic muck .
[164]	neg	neg	yes	much time is spent with the boring shane , and too little is spent on the club floor , where all the action took place . anyhow , though , whatever time is spent on the 54 floor is not used very effectively . when anita finally gets her big break and perform onstage at the club , it should be a euphoric height , for her , the crowd , and the audience ; however , the moment doesn't get a chance to reach that level , for it is cut short by a moment of forced sentimentality , which also mars the film's conclusion ( one of the last-minute reshoots ) . strangely upbeat and wistful , the resolution is wholly unconvincing and unsatisfying . there is an interesting portrait of studio 54 out there--two of them , in fact--but _54_ is not one of them . they're on cable tv : a couple of documentaries produced by e ! and vh1 . these two fascinating looks at the club and all the sordid goings-on within it show that there's still a great disco movie to be made . the problem is , after the critical and certain box office failure of _54_ , the subject may have run its hollywood course .
[165]	neg	neg	yes	devil ) , but the point is that the last 90% of the film didn't happen . i know it's a stretch , after all it is a movie and nothing really happened , but i just get annoyed to get toyed with like that . of course , the dream ending could almost be forgiven if the story that precedes it was at least an interesting one . as i recall , " wisdom " was a decent film . " the devil's advocate " is not . the devils advocate directed by taylor hackford john milton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . al pacino kevin lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . keanu reeves mary ann lomax . . . . . . . . . . . charlize theron mrs . lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . judith ivey eddie barzoon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . jeffrey jones christabella . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . connie nielson written by randy turgeon , march 18 , 1998 .
[166]	neg	neg	yes	into one . diaz is a knucklehead . barrymore is the " dangerous one , " mean and tough and about as believable as katie holmes in the role . liu is just . . . lucy liu , looking good in a skin-tight black leather suit . the list of movies from which charlie's angels is directly lifted is equally astonishing . the writers apparently ran the copier all night stealing scenes from armageddon , lethal weapon ii , all of jackie chan's movies , the great escape , saturday night fever , revenge of the nerds , payback , darkman , dr . no , the matrix ( as mentioned ) , and even tv's friends . it's a shame , too , because one of the many screenwriters , john august , was at the helm of last year's favorite , go . then again , what can you expect from a director known solely as " mcg . " there is no camp value in the film , no interesting main characters , no invigorating action scenes , no reason at all to waste your time except to ogle the hot chicks and enjoy the performances of a few supporting players . note to hollywood : next time , let's leave the tv shows on the tv .
[167]	neg	neg	yes	to just be sitting watching the television throughout . shaw has a little bit more to work with , since she has one touching scene in which she talks to francis in a time of despair , but is out of the picture just as we are beginning to know her . and singer sinead o'connor appears rather effectively as the virgin mary who occasionally gives francis advice . the pacing is all off in , " the butcher boy . " although the story could have been dynamite , it moves at a deadeningly slow rate , and i found my mind wandering every once in a while . it is also very episodic , because the developments in the story fly by with no satisfying payoffs . at one point , francis is sent away to a juvenile prison , and an odd , possibly sexual relationship begins to develop between a priest and himself , but nothing comes of it . i'd rather think of , " the butcher boy , " as a brief diversion for director jordan , rather than a total misfire . he has already proven to be a strong director , but he lucked out with this latest film . what could have been a courageous , unsettling character study of an emotionally disturbed young boy , only manages to be an ineffective , uninvolivng bore .
[168]	neg	neg	yes	sit still ? i'd like to actually watch a film in focus , but again , they failed to deliver that as well . the film moves on and on until the point , where you can care less about anything but the popcorn you're eating . with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs . that's the only thing that honestly caught my interest . when i heard that john mctiernan , the director , wanted his name kept out of the project , that made me wonder why ? well now i know . crichton's greed forced mctiernan to edit his finished product , which led to a big arguement . what's there to argue about anyway ? the film couldn't be saved , no matter how much they spent or casted . seeing films like the haunting and big daddy making money , i wouldn't be surprised to see " the 13th warrior " become a hit . please do me a favor and save your money at all costs , or else you will be lost in the fog , like the film itself .
[169]	neg	neg	yes	film's biggest forehead-slapper . as troy , peter facinelli inhabits the most obvious villain in history that no one ever suspected . he' s awfully one-note , but it's not as if he's given any more notes to work with . the rest of the cast does even less . tunney stands around looking cute , then scared . phillips broods . cruz flirts with the computer . then they all die and a star blows up or something , but i really wasn't paying much attention by then . " supernova " is pretty awful , but i'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got . that's it . if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you'll probably hate it more than i will . even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you haven' t seen before , and suffice to say the script isn't going to save the film . honestly , though , what do you expect from a film with about a dozen writers and a director who had his name removed and replaced with a pseudonym ? it usually results in a bad movie , and that's what " supernova " is .
[170]	neg	neg	yes	i would give it one half of a star for guts . anyone in a movie this bad would have to have guts . i later read a ny times review that said kathleen turner and dennis quaid had gotten so plump they looked like they had the mumps in the show . the script was the worst part . they had characters who talked with funny accents in an attempt to make you laugh . they had lots of " great " sight gags like two people trying to go in a door together and therefore bumping shoulders against the door . turner and quaid both kept smiling like some idiots on a game show . the good news is that we were smart enough to vote with our feet and left . buy some tickets and give them to your worst enemies . tell them the show is great and smile a lot . * * * * = one of the top few films of this or any year . a must see film . * * * = excellent show . look for it . * * = average movie . kind of enjoyable . * = poor show . don't waste your money . 0 = one of the worst films of this or any year . totally unbearable . review written on : september 29 , 1993 opinions expressed are mine and not meant to reflect my employer's .
[171]	neg	neg	yes	work , but rather a tense , string-based score and manipulative editing . the man with the hook ends up becoming very belittled this time around when the script gives him too many lines of dialogue -- he goes from being a scary figure to a nutcase in a few short and painful moments . much of the mystery is dropped for the sake of getting the point . the whole reason the plot exists - julie and karla must guess the capital of brazil in order to win the trip from the radio station - is a dead giveaway , lessening suspense and creating a hurry-up-and-wait timing problem . and , whereas the killer's identity might've been a question in the first movie , it's almost a given here , which changes the dynamic of the movie drastically . three or four teens run automatically from a man in a rain slicker they nonchalantly refer to as " the killer . " they're almost used to it , and the performances show it - not hewitt , nor prinze , nor brandy , nor phifer give a decent show . and so , in the end , it's left wide open for a third movie and - most likely - a brand new supporting cast . god help us .
[172]	neg	neg	yes	the key supporting players , including the talented mckean and larry sanders' vet tambor . and the beautiful vivica a . fox has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counselor , and then williamson disposes of her character entirely . on the plus side , holmes and coughlan are admirable ( with the latter giving a frighteningly believable exorcism impression ) , and molly ringwald has an amusing cameo appearance as a substitute teacher . while everything is pretty lifeless , teaching mrs . tingle remains watchable . there are a few promising ideas that pop up now and again , but anything remotely interesting is squandered by the inane script . mirren is easily the best reason to keep watching . she is convincingly evil and fun to watch , but even her gifted delivery can't save individual scenes that flounder in boredom . if there is one word for the movie surrounding her , it would be `disappointing' . basically , kevin williamson is his worst enemy here . his uneventful direction prevents any aspects of his screenplay to be appreciated ( not that his writing here is especially good ) . we will see , when rookie screenwriter ehren kruger writes the third installment in the scream franchise this christmas , whether williamson is for real .
[173]	neg	neg	yes	he's taken to the duck pond and soon starts jabbering away , beginning by saying 'quack , quack' and then going on to ask the four questions during a passover seder . but by showing how the boy is so terrified of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence , refuses to speak because of his stern dad , and eventually becomes the victim of a tragic accident , the film thereby exploits the boy's sufferings and his story just becomes tiresome and not sincerely done . i felt i didn't just see a movie , but i attended a lecture for the whole 100 minutes of this serious but unappetizing story . it was the kind of movie that you hoped would somehow end soon , as it seemed to be in the habit of rehashing its same viewpoint unnecessarily--the message it keeps sending was already received . in the last shot where father and daughter are hopelessly digging for the lost luggage , one has the impression that no one in the film learned anything about themselves or the past . that seems strange , since i thought that was what this film was supposed to be about . unless i was mistaken and the film's real aim was to make us cry over simcha .
[174]	neg	neg	yes	is actually happening . the house is actually possessed . it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ? i believe hichock once said that " it's better to wait for a climax , than to see one " . this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . they are impossible to take seriously . any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless . " shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality . " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " .
[175]	neg	neg	yes	. hawn smartly recycles her mature sex kitten wives of " the out of towners " and " the first wives' club " while shandling's relegated to true second banana status . kinski is bland and unmotivated . andie macdowell takes a weirdly unappealing role and does what she can with the screenplay's most bizarre subplot , which finds charlton heston as her rifle toting , billionaire daddy and marian seldes as her alcoholic , wheelchair-bound , foul-mouthed mother . heston and seldes are fun , as is jenna elfman as a sun valley bait and tackle salesgirl who brings porter and griffin to a halloween party . oscar nominatored cinematographer william fraker gives the film a nice look , but director chelsom shows none of the quirkily and blackly humorous depth he brought to films like " hear my song " and " funny bones . " the script is this film's weakest link - it's telling that most of the ( few ) laughs come from old-fashioned physical slapstick and the sight of beatty in a bear suit . while " town and country " isn't exactly painful to sit through , it mostly just lays there .
[176]	neg	neg	yes	then decides it would be best to go around to the other side of the car . boy , schumacher is really really getting on my nerves . i think the final straw would be when cage returns home , devastated by everything that he's seen on this case , and then is no longer able to rake his lawn ! we actually see a shot of him pathetically poking at leaves in his yard . other things that bugged me about 8mm : one would be the music , if you can call it that . whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it . awful decision there joel . another is cage's performance . at this point he's capable of a wide range of performances , either good or bad . for 8mm , he delivers a very wooden one , and only shines when he's interacting with joaquin phoenix ( who gives a great performance as a porn shop clerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ) . you're capable of much better mr . cage . now as for you mr . schumacher . . . i'm starting to doubt if you're capable of anything else besides urinating onto the institution of american cinema . [r]
[177]	neg	neg	yes	was based on a 'long-lost' script by ed wood , i have only one question : no dialogue , only music and movement where exactly is the point ? the film moves along at a rather slow pace , but does have one advantage : the soundtrack which is catchy and vibrant except the first song which can be offensive to some . it opens with a fun , innovative opening credits sequence and quickly goes downhill after that . some of the low points are when 'the thief' steals a woman's purse , and then she faints , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom 'the thief' kills to the music of 'psycho' . come on people get some new ideas already ! what's even worse is that the film has no plot at all . well to a certain extent it does , but who cares by the time the middle of the film arrives we're bored out of our mind and ready for something fun and exciting to happen . 'i woke up early the day i died' is a perfectly bad film . it shows us how low filmmakers get sometimes just when desperate to make a movie . even with the huge cast talent , the film is a waste of my time and certainly a waste of yours .
[178]	neg	pos	no	and seeing their thought patterns adds some interest to the film , but for this group deep feeling between two people is teaming up with another killer so that neither is killed . by the end of the film we never really got to know anybody . maybe that is the secret of why such good actors took parts , since these are not very demanding characters to create . in addition to the above characters the film also features jonathan pryce and michael lonsdale ( the latter of moonraker and of the superior thriller the day of the jackal ) . as a revival of a sort of action film that was popular in the 1960s , i was hoping that there would be something here to grab onto and enjoy . unfortunately there are no deep characters , and little to make us care who eventually ends up with the metal case or why they want it . i rate ronin a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale . non-spoiler : incidentally , the tale of the 47 ronin has been filmed multiple times , usually under the title chushingura or as the 47 ronin . also one frequently sees in japanese art the image of a man breaking down a door with a huge mallet . this is the first blow of the 47 ronin .
[179]	neg	neg	yes	as any woman like her would in real life . but all of a sudden she says yes . but when you listen to darnell's four letter word vocabulary watch his actions , you wonder why such an intelligent woman would fall for a guy like darnell period , much less have such an unhealthy obsession for him ! lawrence can be good when he wants to , but in order to prove it , he needs to let other people write and direct his movies . look at this movie . four writers , as a result it's too long ( two hours , when it could've easily worked at ninety minutes ! ) and it has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came ( which makes me think the writers didn't get along ) , all of which isn't necessary . there are some bright spots , though . whitfield , regina king , della reese , and bobby brown all do what they can with lazily written parts , and they help it out a lot . and there are some funny parts ( like , for example , the scene where reese attempts to fight whitfeld for harrassing her son and damaging her property ) , but they're just not enough to sustain the film .
[180]	neg	neg	yes	so little through their thick heads . all of this , of course , leads up to a scene of complete inevitability : claire and noel , in a scene that should have come an hour earlier , because then the movie ends without even the benefit of reflection about what's just happened . we never get a hint about how any of this has changed anyone , only how they felt about things that didn't even happen yet . the problem with claire . . . is not lesbianism as such , but the leaden way it's handled . why is it that any " serious " ( a better word would be adult or at least thoughtful ) examination of sex in a movie almost always winds up producing a movie that's unwatchably boring ? the way this movie deals with lesbianism , we might as well be watching an overheated docudrama about aids . many other movies have used the same subject in ways that are a thousand times better -- more engaging , more creative , more intellectually and artistically interesting . look at john sayles' lianna , or the interesting and little-seen desert bloom ; both of them have more life and vibrancy than claire . what this movie needed was a good swift kick in the pants .
[181]	neg	neg	yes	include my favorite urban legend : a fairly graphic antidote concerning richard gere and a very unhappy gerbil . now that would be scary . before i leave you , i would like to bring to your attention the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i've ever spent an evening with . only jared leto ( looking like a carbon copy of rob lowe from back in the day ) and alicia witt , as the resilient heroine , avoid vexatiousness . the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout ( so irritating i actually cheered his painful death , and i am not a cruel person ) . ironically those aggravating sacks of human waste provide the only entertainment in the film ; if viewed as a vicarious fantasy urban legend can be mildly entertaining . after all this is a movie that features the kind of faux hipsters i can't stand getting slaughtered , which is at least better than watching an entire film about people i can't stand not getting slaughtered .
[182]	neg	neg	yes	out with a " convict " ray liotta being accused of a crime . you think there is no way he could have done it , he's so open and kind . he is taken in and is subsequently transported on a commerical plane to la . this is already a problem . there is no way that convicts would be transported on the same commercial flight that normal passangers would be on . anyway , it is christmas eve and everyone is waiting to get to la and spend christmas eve there . well , convict one manages to stop the flight in its proverbial " tracks " and liotta , still as calm as ever , takes the other convict out . he also has eyes for lauren holly , a flight attendent , and seems to grow closer to her . " the plot stops here " i didn't like this movie because it seemed to be a rip off of every other airplane movie i've ever seen . at one point , mr . liotta looked exactly like jack nicholson in the shining ( i'm serious ! ) . it was like they stole for every other movie down to a " t " . the only reason i did not give this 0 stars is because it had some okay stunts . don't even bother !
[183]	neg	neg	yes	does intrude upon the festivities , the film is heavily bogged down with unfunny jokes , musicians turned stiff actors , and the pointless 10-year- old buster attempting to add some sort of home alone cuteness to the whole thing . appearances by musical legends such as aretha franklin , james brown , eric clapton , and a whole slew of others are the high points of the film , but they also confirm why these people are musicians and not actors . blues brothers 2000 is deserving of one whole star simply because if you really , really love this kind of music , you might kind of , sort of like this movie . many , many scenes are nauseatingly unfunny , and if you don't have a passion for very deep blues/rock , you'll be bored out of your skull . much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd's self-serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience . and seeing three guys in three-piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long . unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film .
[184]	neg	neg	yes	the hot-to-trot felicity shagwell , played by heather graham . this sounds stupid , i know , but in the movie it starts to make some kind of weird , off-the-wall sense , and it worked for me . then there's mini-me ( verne troyer ) , a . . . petite clone of myer's dr . evil , exactly 1/8 in size . troyer's persona alone gains the film an extra half-star , contributing to one particularly hilarious scene where he attempts to nibble on his own mini-mr . bigglesworth . just try to ignore the fact that , at 2'8'' , he would make dr . evil's height rise to just over 21 feet . no matter . however , there are only about four hearty laughs throughout the entire hour and a half ( the most notable being the now infamous tent scene ) , and that just isn't enough to warrant even a minor recommendation . if there is in fact an " austin powers 3 " , they should just kill off secret agent powers and put the emphasis on dr . evil and mini-me . unconventional , yes , but there's no denying that it'd make for a better movie .
[185]	neg	neg	yes	losers and people at the edge of sanity ) suffers a terrible writers bloc . he manages to overcome crisis after beginning romantic relationship with beautiful model anabelle ( laurence treill ) . unfortunately , she hangs out in jet set circles , which gradually makes mirkine pathologically jealous . her connection with powerful david caravan ( pierce brosnan ) would make mirkine step the line between reason and sanity and put in motion whole series of violent and tragic events . although few pseudoerotic scenes and some elements of the plot do indeed make this film an erotic thriller , drama would probably be more appropriate genre label . pacing of the film is simply too slow to thrill the viewers , and those patient enough to sit through its entirety have to wait a long time between any interesting or significant developments . low budget also becomes painfully visible , and physical attributes of laurence treill are the only thing worth watching in this film . unfortunately , this film has too little of those supposedly erotic scenes , so those who wanted to watch erotic thriller have all the reasons to feel disappointed . instead , they would have to settle with pointless , slow scenes involving nelson , brosnan and laurence treill's attempts of serious acting . all of those definitely not worth spending hour and half of someone's precious time .
[186]	neg	neg	yes	have something exciting to watch , not a slow build-up of a story ( god forbid ! ) , and this film plays right into the mainstream's hands . . . " - review of " armageddon . " " it's clear the film doesn't want to waste time on reality and thus the attempt to establish plausability ( the most minimal amount necessary ) comes across as a half-assed effort . supporting characters and shady sup-plots are introduced , but as is the case with films made up of a large cast of characters , only a handful have any real significance . . . there's a fine line separating homage from plagiarism . . . , " - review of " godzilla " ( 1998 ) " unfortunately , as is the case with most modern thrillers , once the film showed potential for authenticity and intelligence , the cliches and action sequences take over , " - review of " the jackal . " chad'z movie page is back after heavy renovation . reviews of nearly all mainstream movies playing today ! get my reviews of everything playing at your local cineplex so you can better make an informed decision on what to see . don't forget to vote on my poll and sign the guestbook !
[187]	neg	neg	yes	tom and amanda are so thin and ambiguously defined that there's just no fun rooting for their inevitable " happily ever after . " nor do the otherworldly powers that serve to bring them together make sense , so we're left with a ho-hum relationship based on enchanted eclairs ; it's not going to last long , people . perhaps sensing this , the filmmakers have piled on weird supporting characters for acting vets like betty buckley , dylan baker and patricia clarkson , but they don't go anywhere either . in fact , nothing in " simply irresistible " goes anywhere save for gellar , and she doesn't go somewhere so much as you wish she'd go _somewhere_ - like to a better movie . already proving major talent with relatively few big- and small-screen roles , she's the sole reason this overcooked souffle isn't completely fit for the garbage disposal , looking smashing in her todd oldham-designed duds and investing much more in her perfunctory part than she ever gets in return . it's certainly a dish best not served in it's current condition , but one can only guess that , without gellar , " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable .
[188]	neg	neg	yes	pay off scene , he exclaims " i was wrong , these are not men ! " , a line intended to be the most memorable quote of the production . unfortunately , banderas delivers it in a fashion that makes chevy chase's career look like oscar material . the film , based on michael crichton's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow . at the same time , the 13th warrior makes you think about numerous questions . questions like " why do the characters always have perfect lighting on them even when it is pitch dark ? " , " why does no one ever have blood cover both sides of their face , but rather just one side ? " and finally , " will the manager give me a refund ? " 90 minutes into the 103 minute film , a man invites of the warriors " come with me , there is a woman who can help . " unfortunately , there is nothing that could help this film . the most appropriate ending would have been for the 13 men to join hands , form a chorus line , and break into a rendition of " springtime for hitler . "
[189]	neg	neg	yes	the plot , though that tag line does little to quantify quality . director stephen hopkins ( blown away , predator 2 ) and screenwriter william goldman ( maverick , misery ) would have you believe that this is an epic historical drama about man against nature , based on what really happened in africa to the railroad workers trying to build a bridge to the 20th century . they've stacked the deck with two big stars ( val kilmer , michael douglas ) , a bigger production design , beautiful photography ( by academy award winner vilmos zsigmond ) , and a score so overblown that it makes the lion king soundtrack sound like chamber music . the movie doesn't make a lick of sense , though , either as an epic or as your basic boo-fest . in fact , some of the bits are so laughably ludicrous that you may think you've stumbled into the sequel to mystery science theater 3000 : the movie . how about the three guys with rifles , who trap a lion and then can't even hit the damned thing ? or the ham-on-wry acting of michael douglas , who chews more scenery than the animals ever do ? ? or , my favorite , lions so agile that they can even climb onto rooftops ? ! ?
[190]	neg	neg	yes	" , and that can only go so far , no matter how hard the talent tries . still , its slightly amusing parts are longed for when the movie gets bogged down in sappy moments . the film's best moment ( and that's not saying much ) is a bit part by steven seagal , playing himself . between executive decision and this , all of seagal's best roles have been cameos . maybe he should consider a change of work : steven seagal , the character actor ! gheorghe muresan isn't a natural actor at all , and his thick cotton-mouthed accent certainly doesn't help . in fact the only thing he adds to the role is his immense stature . originally , the concept was designed several years ago for andre the giant . andre also had a hefty accent , but he displayed a knack for comedy in the princess bride . . . something muresan should have studied for some pointers . why does billy crystal continually get caught in these pathetic comedies ? he's proven that he can be much funnier than these formulaic films allow him to be , and yet , like a glutton for punishment , he keeps coming back . that doesn't mean we have to .
[191]	neg	neg	yes	interminable wait to reach the fourth planet , the ship falls apart almost as fast as the movie does . the ground crew of people you couldn't care less about is trapped on the surface without food , water or air and stalked by a deadly rogue cyberdog . the one potentially interesting character ( carrie-anne moss ) spends her time alone in the orbiting ship talking to a computer . attempting to graft " 2001 " esque space mysticism with " terminator " robot horror , first time director antony hoffman can't seem to figure out what's going on . neither can we . didn't he have anyone who could step back from the shooting and make sure there was a coherent story ? couldn't he have used the money saved by only having to pay half a dozen actors to hire a scriptwriter ? there are so many mis-steps . every opportunity to create dynamic tension is thwarted by plot holes and lackluster direction . why introduce the theme of faith vs . science if the crewman who could comment on it disappears early only to die _offscreen_ ? the audience begins the film waiting for something to happen . two hours later , they're still waiting . despite our greatest hopes , there is no life on the red planet .
[192]	neg	neg	yes	police procedure is not given a moment's genuine thought anywhere . a thriller ? the subplot with the token booth killer is inept , a throwaway that should have been ditched in the rewrite . a comedy ? the few jokes that do work are wasted . a drama ? all dramatic tension between both principals is freeze-dried and off-the-rack . there's not a moment in the movie where i felt like i was listening to genuine human beings talk ; it's all screenwriterese , that bizarre analect where every sentence ends in a punchline and the primary mode of expression is the unique conjunctions of four-letter words . ( actual dialogue excerpt : " fuck you . " " what ? " " you heard me : fuck * you * . " " no : fuck * you * ! " ) look . i'll be honest here . i've tried writing screenplays , and even * i * suspect that if i tried to pitch this mess , i'd get laughed out of the office . anyone interested in hearing my ideas for a few good movies can write me and hear my pitch , because god knows i know i can do better . i've weasted enough time on this piece of tripe .
[193]	neg	neg	yes	emptiness and lead to nothing . when the musketeers finally get to holler " all for one , and one for all , " i could have sworn that was dumas rolling in his grave that i felt . maybe the reason for the utter lack of suspense here is the hyams's tone , which is unreasonably dark and brooding when you consider the reader's digest condensed version of the story that he gives us . it's as though anything that may have been construed as " fun " was purposely expunged from the production . the joylessness of the proceedings , from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanical fight scenes , can be felt in every frame . chambers can't act ; suvari , roth and deneuve can , but aren't given the chance . and when push comes to shove , the use of stunt doubles is distractingly obvious , though at least roth gets to play a villain without having to wear an ape suit . some movies seem sloppy and careless , clearly made for a quick buck . with the musketeer we get the sense that it was meticulously crafted to be awful . the film is intricate , stylish and precise , hitting the wrong note every single time .
[194]	neg	neg	yes	in this re-make of the 1954 japanese monster film , godzilla is transformed into a " jurassic park " copy who swims from the south pacific to new york for no real reason and trashes the town . although some of the destruction is entertaining for a while , it gets old fast . the film often makes no sense ( a several-hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second-rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes ( mayor ebert and his assistant gene are never funny ) , horrendous acting ( even matthew broderick is dull ) and an unbelievable love story ( why would anyone want to get back together with maria pitillo's character ? ) . there are other elements of the film that fall flat , but going on would just be a waste of good words . only for die-hard creature feature fans , this might be fun if you could check your brain at the door . i couldn't . ( michael redman has written this column for 23 years and has seldom had a more disorienting cinematic experience than seeing both " fear and loathing " and " godzilla " in the same evening . )
[195]	neg	neg	yes	earlier i mentioned a fully-clothed hand-job ; this occurs between kathryn and sebastian valmont , both of whom are intended to be hateful at this point in the movie . so , if we hate them , then what's the point of an extended sex scene ? titillation , of course . it can't even work under the pretense of " meaningful love scene , " because we hate the characters . it's interesting to note some of the parallels between cruel intentions and dangerous liaisons . kumble is clearly familiar with the earlier film ; many of the scenes have a similar tone , and there are moments in frears' film that kumble imitates almost completely ( such as the last scene , in which [spoiler warning ! ] the antagonist is humiliated in front of her peers ) . but kids don't act like this . nobody acts like this . in his translation , roger kumble forgot character development and sympathy -- some pretty crucial elements . the result is a picture of confounding badness , a kiddie-porn mess that thinks it's really deep and profound . i'll give cruel intentions credit for realizing its influences , but that doesn't change the fact that it's awful .
[196]	neg	pos	no	such an annoying way , it's just infuriating to watch . the camera cuts all over the place , disoreitating the audience , and instead of involving the audience in the action , it merely alienates them . the peformances are o . k , if slightly below average . sorvino is o . k , although she's not very good at conveying terror , or anything emotion really . the supporting cast are all sterotypes , with characters such as a big black security guard with a foul mouth , a geeky scientist with spectacles , and what could be the most stereotypical mexican 'old timer' ever . their reasonable good fun , however . mimic , then , may fail with it's story , pacing and characters , but the film does look good . like dark city , mimic is a definite case of style of content . it may be a bit too gloomy for it's own good , but the sets look nice , and parts of the film are directed well . but looks aren't good enough to save mimic from the depths of mediocre , somewhere where it shouldn't really belong . a good opportunity , then , wasted . a shame . overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998
[197]	neg	neg	yes	us believe he is a dangerous man he should practise for a while in front of a mirror . i can't really recommend speed 2 . you will probably like the movie if you like funny situations that aren't meant to be funny . especially the showdown , when the ship first runs into an oil tanker and then dissembles a whole village is a treat . there you get to see the most superfluous scene in the movie . in keeping with last year's desaster movie tradition a dog is miraculously saved from certain death . a really funny ( and meant to be funny ) scene takes place on the oil tanker right before the collision . some crew members watch two ships colliding in an old movie . had they looked out the window they wouldn't have missed the huge ship racing toward them . those of you who still want to see the movie should pick a theater with a large screen and a good sound system to enjoy the visual effects and the phantastic surround sound effects . in an adequately equipped theater it's as if the explosion were going off all around you and you can feel the seats vibrate . but the ilm special effects can't save the movie . for all the money they could have done better .
[198]	neg	neg	yes	lena olin as frankenstein's evil shrink , comedian eddie izzard and the fugees' prakazrel michel as disco-themed thugs , singer tom waits as an inventor of superhero weapons , artie lange ( from " mad tv " ) as another thug , claire forlani ( from " meet joe black " ) as a waitress mr . furious is pursuing , louise lasser ( from " mary hartman , mary hartman " ) as the blue raja's mother , and actor/magician ricky jay as capt . amazing's manager . the cast includes four oscar-nominated actors ! when i saw the list of players early last year , i figured the result would be a can't-miss comedy . yet , i must report disappointment . the script is probably the worst of 1999 . nearly every joke misfires . the stabs at comic books are too obvious to be funny . ( for example , no one can recognize capt . amazing in his secret identity because he's wearing glasses . ) the fart jokes surrounding the spleen are surprisingly the only gags that work . the cast tries hard , especially hank azaria , whose character adopts an effete british accent while in costume , but the script is just too lame to run .
[199]	neg	neg	yes	obvious when it arrives . lacking the strong characters seven featured , 8mm ultimately becomes uninvolving plot wise , and relies on the graphic scenes to provide any entertainment . but director joel schumacher , the completely wrong guy for the job , puts style over content , and while the direction and look are good , it's just not very disturbing . schumacher also has no idea how to shock and audience , and though we are meant to be looking at the 'dark belly' of the porn industry , it doesn't exactly leave an haunting impression on the viewers mind , which misses the point . also , the last 20 minutes are so hackneyed , so cliched , it's amazing to think it's the same film you're watching . 8mm is far from an success , a 'snuffed' opportunity . with a boring lead character , 'controversial' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller . ultimately , 8mm is probably worth renting on home video , unless your desperate to see what the snuff film within the film looks like . and trust me , the rest of the 2 hours are not worth it .
