index	gold	prediction	correct	text
[0]	pos	pos	yes	as wild bill wharton to perfection . as a prisoner who taunts and harasses the guards at all hours , he really gets under your skin and irritates you for having to watch him torture others . this irritation he creates makes his performance so believable . the last noteworthy performance belongs to duncan , as the enormous convicted killer john coffey who happens to hold the power of curing the ill . duncan does a wonderful job playing a frightened child-like behemoth , very similar to lennie small in of mice and men . his desire for love and the extinction of hate evokes the most compassion because it is very obvious that he is suffering for no just cause . his pain creates pain for the viewer . however , it takes over an hour for duncan to be introduced completely in the film . the film opens with a ridiculous present day setting which contains a scene that jabs at " the jerry springer show . " the scene , containing one old man complaining about how all guests on the show are inbred and rednecks . not only is this observation entirely pointless and out of place , but it is also hackneyed beyond all belief . as the film flashes back to 1935 , graham greene is quickly executed without any introduction . his death seems very rushed and without any knowledge of who he is , the scene is neither sad nor convincing . greene is not even given a final word , like some of the other characters , and we don't even see him walk the infamous green mile . however , as the film begins to specifically introduce more characters , such as coffey and eduard delacroix ( michael jeter ) as well as the five prison guards , the film becomes more interesting . the speed in " the green mile " is perfect . if time was a matter of concern and the film was edited to the two hour mark , it would have been unsatisfactory because we would not be able to know the characters as they are or as they treat others . the three hour running is perfect for plot development and by the end of the film , a great amount of love or hate is attached to each character . " the green mile " is so good following the rough beginning , that when the pivotal moment at the very end finally comes , it is almost impossible not to feel some sort of sadness for every person in this scene . fighting back tears was a difficult task that i barely succeeded in doing . if you survive the first third of " the green mile " sit back and enjoy the remainder for some priceless entertainment .
[1]	pos	pos	yes	the jekyll and hyde story told from his maid's point of view is , in a word , " dark " . you wouldn't expect something bright and cheery based on robert louis stevenson's novel , but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal . jekyll/hyde ( john malkovich ) is terminally depressed and desperate . mary reilly ( julia roberts ) is a victim of monstrous child abuse and the anti-woman sentiment of the times . director stephen fears' version of the london slums makes us marvel that anyone survived them . the lighting level is exceedingly low throughout the movie : it almost appears to be filmed in black and white . the direction and cinematography are brilliant and liquid . scenes flow into the next scene like honey oozing off a strawberry . ( except there's no red , of course . ) the look is so moody and melodramatic that you'll be shocked when you leave the theater . i saw it at a matinee and took quite a while to adjust to the sunny skies afterward . often the jekyll and hyde archetypes are viewed as splitting a whole person into components of good and evil or perhaps cerebral and emotional parts . here the doctor is intellectual and perhaps good , but certainly powerless . his alter ego is forceful and totally without conscience . two parts that make up a whole . neither are capable of functioning without the other and once separated , disaster is inevitable . the differences between the two characters would be more effective if it were accomplished by demeanor and attitude . when we finally see the transformation , the special effects thrust the story into the realm of science fiction , not the psychological horror that the tale demands . roberts and malkovich are skillful in their roles . both are suitably melancholy , fitting in with the rest of the film . the only flash of life and color comes from glenn close ( and her lips ) as the madam of a whorehouse where hyde lives , and surprisingly , jekyll apparently frequents . life and color maybe , but this is not close's best role . she seems little more than a cardboard cutout character . a beautiful film in its own dreary way . you'll appreciate the filmmaking craft , but don't expect to leave in an upbeat mood .
[2]	pos	pos	yes	but within their own circles ) . the african-american characters in the film are constantly shown as sexually assaulting drug abusers who are always on a joyride looking for someone to accost . even gay men get in on the act , locating the skinheads' lair and beating them severely with lead pipes and other blunt objects . the main character steve is also unlikable because of the person he becomes just to seek out revenge . what all of this comes down to is the simple message that violence begets violence , and the constant clashes between factions will do nothing but continue the endless cycle of violence inherent in our society . the cast of this film is absolutely remarkable . damon jones shows a raw energy that many actors can't seem to summon these days and his performance seems nothing less than powerful . his initial reaction to hearing about his girlfriend's suicide is one of the most affecting scenes i have ever seen in a film . david lee wilson , who plays ( appropriately enough ) david lee is accurately evil as the second in command skinhead who also makes extra money performing oral sex on other men ( an irony that seems lost on the other skinheads ) . wilson's character is pure hatred and he brings out this hate perfectly . sadly , actor dave ward , who portrays the character of crew , will not be able to follow up his excellent performance as he was the victim of a vicious act of violence himself at the hands of a fellow actor during an incident of road rage . ward showed immense promise and he will be greatly missed . note : it is a shame that the filmmakers had to add a disclaimer to the end of the film stating that neither they nor the musicians contributing music for the film condone racism . the message about hatred couldn't be spelled out any more clearly than it is here , but there are those who would probably find this film much more akin to a training video than a condemnation . there are no " winners " at the end of this film either . no character gets his or her comeuppance and the ending leaves us almost right where we began . where american history x had redemption for most of its characters , no such victories are in store for pariah's band of twisted souls . it is this bleak ending that carries the film's most powerful message : the message that , despite what you may be able to momentarily do to put your own mind to rest , evil will still be with us ( and in many forms ) and there is very little than can be done to eradicate it entirely .
[3]	pos	pos	yes	the entire film a truly classy aura that it otherwise might not have had . we follow her at every turn because she is so mesmerizing , both as a character and an actress . blanchett isn't the only bright performer , as she is ably supported by one of the best casts of the year . in her first role following her oscar win for 1999's " boys don't cry , " hilary swank is excellent as the confused valerie , who seeks guidance from annie , but is too scared to take her biggest advice of all : to leave the grossly abusive donnie . as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000's " the watcher " ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all . for the often-criticized reeves , whose acting abilities have never been the best , this is the biggest compliment he could possibly get , and it is also one of the better performances he has given . giovanni ribisi ( 2000's " the boiler room " ) is heartbreaking as a mentally slow young man who sees annie as his only friend , and wants her to do nothing but help him understand why he is being plagued by bad dreams about his dad . in the small , but pivotal role of the sleazy jessica king , katie holmes ( 2000's " wonder boys " ) has turned in yet another stunning supporting turn . her promiscuous role of jessica is one she has never played before , and she is radiant in her few scenes . finally , kim dickens ( 2000's " hollow man " ) makes her usual strong impression as annie's spicy best friend , linda . the other notable aspect of " the gift " is its moody atmosphere that lays such a thickly foreboding air over every scene it's almost suffocating . thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread . helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is that rarest of thrillers that actually thrills , and offers up a fair share of chills , too . it may not be groundbreakingly original , but it sure is an entertaining ride for the duration of its running time .
[4]	pos	pos	yes	necessary to radically increase the efficiency of the creatures and the bad guys will stop at nothing to get it from him . back at home , " uncle " felix ( cheech marin ) shows up to reveal mom and dad's secret to the kids . after a brief respite at a safe house filled with enough cool gadgets for a dozen sharper image stores , carmen and juni set off to find their parents and save the world , zooming through the sea in a submarine pod that looks like a goldfish , while a slew of wicked people ( including teri hatcher ) chase them . during the course of their adventures , they get to use jet packs , electroshock bubblegum and super-computer sunglasses . they watch as secret agents are transformed into bizarre creatures with silly putty faces and used as background characters on floop's tv show . they deal with guards that have huge thumbs where their arms , legs and heads would normally be ( why are the guards so ineffective ? because they're all thumbs ! ) they move from one colorful locale to another , including a nifty virtual reality room reminiscent of the holodeck from " star trek . " the storyline is silly and convoluted , but even at its most dense , it is easier to follow than either " mission : impossible " movie . director robert rodriguez ( " from dusk to dawn " ) maintains a frenetic pace , with the whole film clocking in at a mere 86 minutes . a bit less action and a little more character development would have been nice , but he does provide enough quiet moments for viewers to become fully invested in the family . alexa vega and daryl sabara make an agreeable brother and sister team , squabbling the way kids do , but coming together when it counts . antonio banderas and carla gugino are even better as the parents ; they quickly establish and maintain a great lusty chemistry while keeping their tongues properly in cheek during the action scenes . even the usually irritating alan cumming has some nice moments ? a virtual cloud-backed chat between his character and juni is one of the best segments in the film . had rodriguez added a few more scenes like that , i would have enjoyed the film more ( and i definitely could have lived without the glaring product placement for a certain mc-ubiquitous company ) . regardless , " spy kids " is a hoot , offering fun for adults and children alike . and just think , they managed to do it without sacrificing a single testicle .
[5]	pos	pos	yes	setting their sights on hollywood , libby mae brown ( parker posey ) , the dense but fun queen of the dairy queen , and a few others . everybody in this movie is brilliant , absolutely so , but levy particularly stands out . these characters are portrayed with such saddening realism that you can't help but love them , as pathetic as they really are . although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances ! if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it . some humor was a tad uneven from the rest of the film and , even after starting very humorously , they nearly lost me with the tad-too-long intros . as delightful as it was , it began to get monotonous . thankfully , just as your about to say " ok , maybe i should run to the bathroom " , they finally get past the intros and onto the rehearsal scenes . like a play , this film gives a very three-act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) . like i said , each character really shines , even when done with a subtle approach . you can't really watch these people and not think they're real people ! even they way they talk , with awkward pauses and stumbles that don't feel staged at all , you feel like you're watching a real , albeit funny , documentary . and even with silly lyrics , the original songs when the play is finally put on , are absolutely wonderful ! as a word of note , despite it's " r " rating , waiting for guffman is really quite clean . this rating came from a brief , very brief use of the grand-daddy of all swear words . even if that really bothers you , let me say that it's not presented in a vulgar , cheap-laugh way . it's actually quite humorous and tastefully done ! it might be hard knowing what to expect with waiting for guffman . it's silly humor , but it's also so dry , subtle , and intelligently done that you're not insulted by it . it's always really nice to see a comedy that isn't all slapstick and vulgarity , and this film is one of the better ones of the better ones ! i'd recommend seeing it !
[6]	pos	pos	yes	( minnie driver ) . the script , by co-stars matt damon and ben affleck , is not a groundbreaking piece of literature , and occasionally resorts to shameless manipulation . the characters are well-developed , however , and there are times when the dialogue positively sparkles . at one point , will comments that a session with sean is turning into a " taster's choice moment . " later , will gives a brilliant , breathless diatribe against the nsa that has the rhythm of something written by kevin smith . ( note : since smith co-executive produced good will hunting , it's not out of the question that he had some input into this scene . ) director gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , to die for ) culls genuine emotion from his actors , and this results in several affecting and powerful scenes . there's an edginess to some of the sean/will therapy sessions , and the offscreen chemistry between matt damon and minnie driver ( who became romantically linked while making this film ) translates effectively to the movie -- the will/skylar relationship is electric . likewise , the companionability of damon and affleck is apparent in the easygoing nature of will and chuckie's friendship . many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic . matt damon , who recently starred as the idealistic young lawyer in the rainmaker , is solid ( although not spectacular ) as will . minnie driver ( last seen in grosse pointe blank ) adds another strong performance to a growing resume ( and it's refreshing that she was allowed to keep her british accent rather than having to attempt an american one ) . the outstanding performance of the film belongs to robin williams , whose sean is sad and wise , funny and somber . arguably the best dramatic work in the actor's career ( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination . adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) . like most of what comes before it , the ending of good will hunting is completely predictable . but meeting expectations and following a familiar path aren't always bad things in a movie , provided the film accomplishes those goals with a modicum of style and an attention to detail . good will hunting does both , and , as a result , earns a rating commensurate with the " good " in the title .
[7]	pos	neg	no	to the music from airplane ! , which was an interesting choice . when clue played in theaters , it ran with the gimmick of three different endings . if you wanted to see all three , you had to go to the movies three separate times . so when the film was released on home video , rather than releasing three separate videos , all three endings were included on one tape . . . the first two endings being " what if ? " endings and the third ending being the actual ending . now for the dvd release you get two choices . you can watch the film as it was presented on home video or you can select to watch it with one of the three endings randomly chosen for you . ( note : there's an easter egg hidden in the disc pertaining to this . after watching the film with a randomly selected ending , when you return to the menu screen you will be able to highlight the large magnifying glass and select it . when you do , a secret menu opens , allowing you to watch any of the three endings by themselves . ) now while i applaud the effort of paramount here , as they clearly tried to do something special with the disc , it just doesn't work well . first , why not give the viewer the choice of what ending we want to watch ? maybe someone like myself who's seen the movie hundreds of times would like to sit down and show it to someone with the second ending only . i'm no technical dvd expert , but i can't imagine that being too hard to accomplish . secondly , the delay between when the film itself ends and one of the endings begins is too long and too obvious , thereby becoming a distraction right when you definitely don't need a distraction . finally , the back of the dvd case states " and now , with this special dvd version , you can see all 3 surprise endings " . i have no idea why they would word it that way , since that's not a special feature in the slightest . the video has been out for fifteen years now ( good lord , has it been that long ? ) and it's played on television with all three endings all the time . these are merely minor complaints however , seeing that i've watched the home video version hundreds of times and have no problem watching the film as such on the dvd . the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my worn out vhs copy , and i'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format . [pg]
[8]	pos	pos	yes	the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy featuring four loveable characters who just happen to be slightly insane . billy , played by michael keaton , is an extremely temperamental mental ward patient whose short fuse and violent tantrums tend to get him in trouble . christopher lloyd portrays henry , an obsessive-compulsive who requires that everything be neat , orderly , on schedule , and by the books . he thinks he's a doctor so he walks around wearing a suit and carrying a clipboard on which he constantly scribbles notes and files reports . jack , played by peter boyle , thinks he's jesus . and finally , there's stephen furst as albert , a chubby catatonic who speaks only in baseball and television phrases . the dream team follows the misadventures that beset the four-some when their psychiatrist , dr . weitzman , takes them out of the hospital for a field trip to yankee stadium . during a pit stop , they get separated from weitzman and are left to fend for themselves in manhattan . the movie's charm derives mostly from the camaraderie and chemistry between its delightful cast . the four leads in the film play off each other quite effectively ; they never miss an opportunity to argue , bicker , or insult one another . henry and jack , for example , fight over who's going to get to ride in the front passenger seat on the way to the game . the actors in the dream team have a lot of fun with their characters and with each other . michael keaton is well cast as billy ; he gives his cynical character considerable complexity . as the divinely jack , peter boyle succeeds in keeping his one-dimensional character funny and fresh . although stephen furst's catatonic character is cliched , the actor makes him sympathetic and endearing . while keaton , boyle , and furst are good , it's christopher lloyd who really makes the movie special . lloyd gives yet another outstanding comic performance . his body language ( for example , the way he walks ) and his facial expressions are perfectly suited to his compulsive character . lloyd's brilliant performance yields a pathetic , moving , and memorable character . the dream team is a solid comedy with more depth and drama than you might expect from its simple premise . the characters are so appealing that you can excuse the film for its often outlandish and unbelievable plot .
[9]	pos	pos	yes	- while yeager conducts his final and most spectacular test flight in absolute obscurity , " mercury " astronauts receive fame and fortune , although some of them even before going in the space . those contrasts and similar effects are achieved with kaufman's superb use of poetic movie language . editing is great , and photography by caleb deschanel provides many memorable scenes like the funeral in the desert or astronauts in their suits walking in slow motion ( the same image would be copied in many latter films ) . although kaufman enjoyed support of nasa and american military , which provided authentic locations and period equipment , he still had to use special effects in order to simulate space flights . those effects are excellent and they can still fool the audience accustomed to cgi and real footage of earth from outer space . another fine contribution of this film is " oscar " -awarded musical score by bill conti ; i still tremble from excitement every time i hear it . it is accompanied with the use of holst and debussy . some of the songs used in the background also provide authentic atmosphere of the historical period . this film is great , and its cult status is well deserved , but there are some minor flaws . some of the " mercury " astronauts aren't fleshed out enough ( although being played by fine actors , like lance henriksen ) . film also lacks proper closure . on the other hand , most logical conclusion of the film - landing on the moon - would require this film to be more than six hours long . also , some critics were prone to attack this film as too amerocentric and hard on russians , who were portrayed as evil monsters , just in line with most virulent cold war rhetoric of reagan's america . in some of contemporary interviews , kaufman defended that approach by claiming that he wanted to make film as authentic as possible , and in order to do that , he portrayed russians not as they were in real life , but as they were perceived by americans in early 1960s . time has passed ; now we don't see astronauts as heroes . in this age of widespread satellite communications and routine space missions , those men and women in space suits are seen as mere maintenance workers . few young boys want to be astronauts when they grow up . but this film , sentimental reminder of the times " when future began " , perhaps could encourage at least some of them to follow " mercury " astronauts' footsteps seek new frontiers in the sky . and even if they decide to stay on earth , they could still appreciate the right stuff as an extraordinary piece of cinema .
[10]	pos	pos	yes	bowman has done a great job expanding the eerie feeling of the show to the big screen , making small adjustments and minor changes to utilize the possibilities that film allows over television . there are some truly suspenseful and well-created scenes here ( late in the film , when they're in the alien spacecraft , you'll see one of the better action sequences in recent cinema ) . the special effects are very good , and the production design by christopher nowak is fantastic . what i find interesting is that the x-files is actually a great way for series neophytes to get into the story . our heroes are given subtle introductions ( we're not expected to know them on the outset ) , and the film explains enough of the story that prior knowledge of the series isn't required to understand the film . there are , of course , little elements that the makers have included as payoff to the fans , but i'll keep those as surprises . it takes a lot of thought and understanding of the series to create a film using roots as complicated as the ones that the series provides , and then create a coherent film that anyone can understand clearly . the series is strong for a lot of reasons . it's original ( though it has many ties to " the twilight zone " and owes some homage to hitchcock ) , and impressively eerie for a television show . what really makes the series shine , however , are the actors . duchovny has so much presence , and is just a fun guy to watch . he has that confidence that will someday make him into a bankable leading man . anderson is equally good , and paralyzingly beautiful ; she's also a strong actress . both performers have acted in little more than their series , however , though i think they'll both get their chances to prove themselves very soon . i enthusiastically recommend the x-files , both for fans and non-fans . 1998 is a summer filled with disappointing blockbusters , and this film should satisfy where most of the others leave you completely dry . it's an intelligent film , and takes you places that you might not have been ( or , at least , might not have seen so many times that they feel familiar ) . the x-files is impressive in concept , as well : fans of the series are likely to be highly critical , and to take the premise beyond the series is a risky move . it's nice to see a risk pay off for a change . actually , it's nice to see a risk at all .
[11]	pos	pos	yes	and not actors , and as a major pointer , has been shot on video . as a result , it looks more like the home movies you never dare shot of your family than an actual film , but always wanted to . we see key moments in people's lives that they wouldn't dare show to the world , and it captures the farscial comedy of life so accurately and acutely that this style , as ironically-showmanship as it really is , works perfectly for the nature of the film . the key , though , to this film , and the reason it's not just a cool danish import , is because this film is not about revealing the truth as much as it is about the way people react to such an explosive truth . throughout the film , we see a completely realized debate over the truth and the effects it has on the lives of those who have learned to live with lies , a debate so three-dimensional that it could easily blow oliver stone and his the-truth-at-all-costs reasoning out of the water . of course it was not right for the father to rape his children , and of course , they couldn't have fought back then , and of course this has created scarring suppression inside them . and yes , it's thearapeutic for one to release the truth years later , when they know it could easily destroy the one who emotionally destroyed them earlier . but then again , the father , after all , is not a totally bad guy , and we can see the emotional complications that arise thanks to a performance by mortizen which is just so great and touching that while we do believe that he could have raped his children years earlier , we also see a man who has also learned to live with what he's done , and deep down , feels true guilt that is only now beginning to surface . the final scene , involving mortizen and everyone else , is utterly devastating , thanks to him and thomsen , whose performance is utterly flawless and equally emotionally complex . everyone else is flawless as well - the actors never seem to be stepping into the shoes of their characters as much as they do walking comfortably in them . the actors or writers have not made the mistake to judge these characters in the slightest : there are no whites or blacks but instead all grays , exactly like life . as such , " the celebration " may be the one truly bizarro film of the year : a work of art so eerily close to reality that it's utterly disturbing and utterly fascinating .
[12]	pos	pos	yes	synopsis : shrek ( myers ) is an ogre living in contented solitude deep in the heart of a forest , until his home is invaded by fairy tale creatures fleeing the rule of the evil lord farquaad ( john lithgow ) . farquaad agrees to relocate the pests , on the condition that shrek rescues princess fiona ( diaz ) -- whom farquaad desires to wed -- from a far-off castle . grudgingly , shrek sets out , joined in his quest by an unwanted companion , donkey ( murphy ) . review : one memorable aspect of disney's " aladdin " was that it finally gave robin williams a character -- the genie -- to best take advantage of his comic talents . " shrek " does the same for eddie murphy ; ironically , though , murphy's ideal vessel turns out to be an ass . all the same , " shrek " does represent murphy's best comic outing in years , and as donkey he steals all the best lines . for instance , after getting belted with pixie dust while trying to conceal his nature as a magical creature , donkey soars into the air and scoffs , " now i'm a flying talking donkey ! " and despite its many contributors , the script for " shrek " is full of such comic gems . myers is delightful in more of a straight man role , and lithgow also gets some great moments ( watch for a hilarious repartee with the gingerbread man ) . " shrek " takes great pleasure in lampooning fairy tales and nursery rhymes of all sorts , and reserves a few delightful knocks at disney in the bargain . things do go somewhat astray during the film's middle segment , which concentrates too much on the main characters at the expense of some of the terrific fairy tale satire which is the movie's greatest strength . but even then , one can always sit back and enjoy the beautiful computer animation , whose remarkable use here represents yet another dazzling leap forward for the technology .
[13]	pos	pos	yes	own agenda . no matter how deeply hidden , the production digs it up and exploits it for the audience . tracy is the type of person that you remember from high school . she is the girl that would be labeled " most likely to achieve anything she wants " in the yearbook , and everyone secretly envied her because of that . jim is a teacher that takes the trust that students give him as a privilege , and uses it to his own amoral advantage . everyone , including the principal , a former teacher , all the candidates , and even paul's girlfriend are two sided characters . that is much of this film's beauty , it doesn't have the typical good guys that hollywood likes , instead it is a realistic portrayal of the real world , specializing in revealing the type of sexual perversions that people usually keep to themselves . matthew broderick couldn't have been any more perfect for this role . his character is often similar bill murray's award winning role in the 1998 film , rushmore . of the two acting jobs , broderick's is far superior . but even he is overshadowed by the young reese witherspoon . the hatred that she causes the audience to develop towards her , is simply indescribable . broderick and witherspoon are simply at their best when they are playing off each other in various scenes . one such moment occurs when she approaches him in his car as he is leaving school one day . you can see her self pride in her eyes as she presents him a list of signatures , making her an eligible candidate . and his subtle disgust with her is apparent , although he tries to mask it between the lines and attempts to put on a happy face . the supporting cast is one with little hollywood experience . but that is far from apparent as everyone takes control of their part . however , the real treat is jessica campbell in her confused role as a young homosexual girl . this is never more apparent than the scene where she delivers her speech announcing her so-called platform for presidency . she is just marvelous as her hatred towards what she thinks to be an unjust system is expressed . if ferris buehler made you feel good about american high schools , and gave you an innocent laugh or two , then the movie achieved its goal . but don't you dare think that election's goals are similar . it is just as real in its portrayal of high school , as its characters are in the real world . there certainly is no pile of marshmallows here .
[14]	pos	neg	no	the rocky horror picture show 'special edition' ( 1975 ) starring : tim curry and susan sarandon cult films are never mainstream . the casual viewer of a cult film will look at it and be repulsed and confused , yelling out 'what the hell is that ? ' . fans of these sorts of movies will be laughing at every other second at all the 'hidden jokes' they missed the first time around while normal movie watchers will look at them like they're insane . the rocky horror picture show , recently re-released in a 'special edition' to video , is the mother of all cult films . period . like some other cult films , most notably little shop of horrors , the rocky horror picture show is a musical with a twisted edge to it . this movie begins out innocently enough- a couple get engaged at a friend's wedding and get a flat tire in the middle of the night while it's raining . they go to a castle to try to use the phone . little do they know that the castle is owned by dr . frank n . furter , a mad transexual transvestite scientist who has recently created a creature he will use for personal reasons . the acting is pretty good overall . tim curry ( home alone 2 , legend ) is over-the-top as frank n . furter . it's interesting to see that this movie was one of future oscar winner susan sarandon's ( dead man walking ) first film- she plays janet , the girlfriend of brad majors . even the singer meatloaf is in it ! ! the songs are all very good yet twisted in their own way . a sampling of titles range from damn it , janet to touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me . all the actors sing their songs with no dubbing from other actors- kind of a bad thing . barry bostwick ( brad majors ) tries to sing as does susan sarandon , but tim curry is clearly the most professional having extensive stage experience . meatloaf sings like meatloaf . the new special edition contains two original movie trailers of the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version . sadly , the songs are tacked after the credits- kind of defeats the purpose . if you want to see a different film , watch this one ! !
[15]	pos	pos	yes	, and he plays the arrogant , condescending steel millionaire to the hilt . he's smooth , he looks great in a tuxedo , and he's a convincing enough jerk that the winslet-dicaprio relationship looks plausible . at the moment when he sees a little girl too frightened to get aboard a lifeboat , you can hear the wheels in his mind turning , saying not " can i save this little girl ? " , but " can she help me get on a lifeboat ? " dicaprio is a revelation . i hadn't seen him before in anything , and didn't know what the heck to expect , really . ( honestly , i expected a bad irish accent , but cameron evidently decided that was a bad idea , so dicaprio plays a poor american artist who wins a ticket in a poker game . ) dicaprio exhibits an infectious joy at being alive , and being on the titanic , that it's hard not to like him . from the moment that the ship leaves port until it hits the iceberg , dicaprio has to carry the movie and keep our interest , and he never falters . winslet's character grows up a lot during the movie , and so does her performance . at first , she's not required to do anything but wear period clothing and look drop-dead gorgeous . we know from the narration that she's monstrously unhappy with her arranged marriage to zane , but there isn't any expression of these feelings until she encounters dicaprio . winslet and dicaprio develop a chemistry that manages to propel the movie along until the ship hits the iceberg . it's at that moment where winslet's character really comes alive . faced with real danger , she drops her spoiled-rich-girl mannerisms and does a splendid job . as rose and jack race around the doomed ship , looking for shelter from the freezing water and cal's fiery temper , winslet turns in a superb acting performance , mixing courage and compassion and anger with sheer shrieking terror . of course , the most interesting character is the ship itself . cameron has clearly fallen in love with titanic , and shows her in every mood -- as a deserted wreck , down in the boiler room , up on the bridge , down in the hold , at the captain's table , down in steerage -- and manages to bring the great ship back from the dead . cameron's greatest gift is that he allows us to fall in love with titanic as well .
[16]	pos	pos	yes	, the tycoon realizes that in order to get his son back alive , he has to play his hand differently . the casting is what puts this film over the top . the trio of gibson , the kidnappers' mastermind ( gary sinise ) and fbi team leader ( delroy lindo ) play off of each other wonderfully . sinise is perfect as the driven scheming sleezebag is right on the mark . his speech to mullen over a walkie talkie about h . g . wells=92 morlocks and eloi reveal his vision of= society . mullen and the other glitteratti frolic up on high while sinise and the other lowlifes dwell below , feeding off the unsuspecting . gibson=92s character is an all-american hero with a few flaws . his cowboy= tactics tend to work , but they are also what got him into this situation to begin with . in a round about way , if he weren=92t known as a man who i= s willing to buy his way out of trouble , his son wouldn=92t have been kidnapped . as sinise says " you=92re a payer . you did it once and now you=92re going to do it again . " one of the nicest elements of this film is that most of the characters actually have personalities . lindo calls home to talk to his kids , obviously shaken at working this case . even the kidnappers are real people , arguing about the ultimate fate of sean mullen and feeding him candy bars . gibson=92s break-down on the balcony of their penthouse apartment is especially effective . it=92s one of the best filmed representations of a man=92s world falling apart that i=92ve seen . it=92s not all perfect . the shoot 'em upending , while emotionally satisfying seems tacked on to be just that rather than to provide a powerful resolution . as well crafted as the scene is , we=92ve seen it before . mullen=92s wife ( rene russo ) has several good moments , but occasionally just seems to be there . while adequate , brawley nolte ( sean ) doesn=92t provide much to the film other than occupying space to build the story around . but you=92ll ignore these problems as each minute of the movie builds on the previous one . forget about the large coke , you won=92t want to leave for that five minute break an hour later .
[17]	pos	pos	yes	to . catherine zeta-jones , in her brief role , gives a vivid portrayal of a women completely enamored with her own " charm " . tim robbins registers in an even tinier part as a new age-type , a character played entirely for cartoon yuks , but still manages to work its desired comic effect . the one exception in the acting department is a bit of a doozy , the main love interest played by danish actress iben hjejle ( mifune ) , who completely obliterates any trace of a danish accent , replacing it with a stilted american phonation . i give her kudos for attempting such a contradictory role , but instead of being likeable , she comes across as rather robotic , and as such it's hard to see why cusack's character would be so obsessed with her especially when he has a beautiful , intelligent writer ( natasha gregson wagner ) potentially waiting in the wings . this reminded me of say anything , where the charming cusack was paired with the charmless ione skye , and in midnight in the garden of good and evil where the poor bastard had to put up with alison eastwood ( whose unbelievably more wooden then father , clint for those " special people " whose wheels turn a little slower ) . in fact cusack is rarely paired up with a personality that matches his , though i'd bet that if laura and natasha switched roles , the result would be more effective . high fidelity works almost entirely on the strength of its characters and performances . fears' direction is somewhat stilted , and the script is sometimes a little too ( and this is a word i'm beginning to hate to use but alas i must ) quirky for its own good ( i think i'll blame that on scott rosenberg , who judging from what he did with beautiful girls , con air , and things to do in denver while your dead , has his fingerprints all over the most irritating bits of this movie ) . but cusack really does deserve an award , for being so damn ? ? ? cusackian . i'm afraid that his talents are so understated that he may have to wait till his hip needs replacing to be offered such an award worthy of his considerable talent . his character , rob ( whose sort of like an older , more bitter lloyd from say anything ) is funny and tragic without being pathetic , and that cusack can do all this , and still not imprint himself onto the minds of most audiences , is something of an achievement .
[18]	pos	pos	yes	movies as a courtroom defense ) , weathers exploits the situation for her own notoriety , and one man seems willing to save the heroine's life only if it will earn him an interview on the today show . understandably , " scream 2 " does not go so far as to actually blame the movies , but rather shows that those who do imitate horror movies are already sick and twisted . couple that with the fact that several of the characters , most notably the lead character sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , are fairly well-developed and that there are some genuine moments of spine-chilling suspense , and what we have is a pretty darned good horror movie in its own right . we don't just get the horror of scary masks and graphic gore - we also get the horror of sympathetic characters who seem helpless as their friends are slaughtered ( and , in one case , a significant character who was an audience favorite even bites the dust ) and whose lives have been reduced to constant fear of a crazed murderer lurking around the corner . while i have not seen any of his other work , it's easy to see why craven is generally touted as the most sophisticated " slasher film " director , as he clearly cares about something more than just the actual acts of slashing . unfortunately , " scream 2 " occasionally reverts to the time-honored horror tradition of throwing logic out the window . for example , several characters seem quite clearly dead and inexplicably turn up alive later - there has been a running gag in both movies about the villain being able to pull off this particular trick , but it also happens with other characters and in an even less believable fashion . there are also a few scenes in which the killer suddenly appears behind the next victim in a situation such that ( s ) he clearly would have been seen moving in that direction . as for the question of whether or not " scream 2 " is yet another sequel not as good as its predecessor . . . well , it's hard to say . i gave the first " scream " 3 1/2 stars as well because it worked pretty consistently as a light-hearted send-up . " scream 2 " bounces all over the place stylistically , but it does a better job delivering the genuine scares and asking the questions about media violence that were only hinted at in the first installment . i'm not sure which is the better movie , but i did leave the theater convinced of one thing : sequels , however much randy might argue , do not necessarily suck .
[19]	pos	pos	yes	the full monty is a whole lot of fun , its wacky , witty , and original . it's written and directed by relatively unknowns , simon beaufoy and peter cattaneo , who both turned up oscar nominations . how did this movie with a budget under 10 million gross over 175 million worldwide ? its been rumored that this film may be the second most profitable movie of the year ! and to think its about male exotic dancers , and not sinking ships . six steel workers who have been recently been laid off and are all looking for jobs . inspired by the success of a chippendale's production , gaz ( robert carlyle ) decides they should all put on a strip show to make some money quickly . as the six team up to put on the show of their lives , they run into a few problems . for instance , dave ( mark addy ) is worried about his weight , horse ( paul barber ) thinks he may be inadequate , and gerald ( tom wilkinson ) is worried about his reputation and timing . so when the night of the show comes , will the men be able to do the " full monty " ? as i said before this is a fun movie , and not just that its really artistically good . the writing and direction are great . the acting is appealing , all the performances have a human quality to them , so you can relate to at least one of the characters . the full monty received four oscar nominations including best picture . which left me wondering one thing , why didn't trainspotting get a best picture nomination last year ? while the full monty is a great lighthearted comedy , it doesn't carry the social impact of the brilliant trainspotting . still , the full monty is a great film , a must see !
[20]	pos	pos	yes	actors brings a lot of credibility to flat characters . while flat may sound like a poor job on niccol's part , it actually enhances the meaning behind the story . ethan hawke has developed into a handsome adult actor , giving his best performance of his lifetime so far . his curiosity and motivation pushes his character past all the discouraging remarks from his parents and " valid " peers . uma thurman is . . . well , uma thurman . her character is slightly underdeveloped , but the story isn't about her . however , thurman gives a lot of depth to the flat character . jude law gives the most complex performance of the film with the most disturbingly realistic character . he provides several nice touches , and his final scene is a very touching and heartwrenching one . loren dean gives a nice performance in his well-developed character . dean is also responsible for some of the most suspenseful scenes in the movie . alan arkin portrays one of the detectives with a little less more excitement than with his psychiatrist in grosse pointe blank . still , he does a good job . gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film . gattaca is rated pg-13 for brief violent images , language , some sexuality , and nudity . despite the somber and desolate mood of the entire film , i wasn't exactly prepared for the ending which left me feeling empty . it turned me off slightly , but then i realized that everything turned out the way it should have . if this had been a typical hollywood film , it would have ended much differently . however , with all the mindless science fiction films out there , it is nice to have a film which doesn't talk down to its audience ( i especially like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters which make up the genetic coding : g , t , c , and a ) . instead , it provides some much needed entertainment which gives us science fiction fanatics just what we want : a science fiction film with morals behind it . whatever happened to giving the audience a lesson while entertaining ? hopefully more writers and directors will learn from gattaca . . . and hopefully audiences will too . p . s . personal note to p . j . gladnick : how dare you call this film the worst film of the year . i can't even begin to image what film you do like . that frightens me beyond anything .
[21]	pos	neg	no	academy award nomination ( just as well , the academy rarely honors goofy comedians , excepting robin williams ) , he stretches enough to alter his hyper-silly image considerably . playing one who has the cameras constantly invading his most intimate moments turns to be quite the role of jim carrey's life . no pun intended . better in a smaller , more pivotal role is ed harris as christof , who mixes the right amount of his apollo 13 " work the problem , people " character with dustin hoffman's megaglomaniac producer in _wag the dog_ , and then only slightly svengalian . it is clear that he is torn between the nielson ratings and truman's well being . yes , in his own misguided way he loves truman as a father to a son , and has provided the best universe he could provide . he thinks . rounding out the cast is natascha mcelhone ( mrs . dalloway ) as carrey's true " forbidden love " , sylvia , very effective in another pivotal small role . laura linney ( congo ) and noah emmerich ( copland ) have the unfortunate task of playing truman's wife and best friend ; their sitcom-ish dialogue allow little room for any authentic character development . the exception is at the very beginning , where they speak into the camera , wholeheartedly believing that their participation is truly good for truman , and for society in general . there are other little problems with the script . are we to assume that toddler truman had no recollection of hearing the construction of such a gigantic dome during his formative years ? was there any reason as to why in one scene , it rained solely on truman , even though it never had to ? how is it they hire hundreds of extras , and none of them could drive a boat , and yet truman , fearful of water , is helming a sailboat effortlessly ? and couldn't christof have turned off the wind , to strand truman at sea ? these little contrivances , however , do not hold a candle to the overall effect of the work . the audience gets the feeling that it is watching the actual show , and we are drawn to truman's mundane existence for no other reason than it is there . the final result effortlessly combines the emotional happy ending of a mainstream picture with a gnawing discomfort that hits you square in the gut . upon leaving the theater , i was looking up in the sky , wondering if it was nothing more than a gigantic dome . just checking .
[22]	pos	pos	yes	now , lets first look into the history of shark films . there was the unforgettable jaws . the exciting jaws 2 . the rather flaky jaws 3d and sometime in the late 90s another film of the same genre that i can't seem to recall ( about the son of jaws returning to wreak revenge or something like that ) . now , with the magic of cgi , one shark is simply not enough ; in deep blue sea , there are 3 big , mean and really smart ones ! russell frankiln ( jackson ) visits aquatica ( a sea-bound research center ) , where a research is being conducted on the extraction of a hormone substance found uniquely within the shark brain that can cure and reverse the effects of alzheimer's disease . the substance is small in quantity and because of this , lead researcher dr . susan macalaester genetically alters the shark dna and grows them twice the size with brains as big as humans , naturally producing more of the much treasured hormones . as sure as the sun sets in the west , a shark breaks lose and wreaks havoc within the facility during a hormone extraction procedure . with the flexibility offered by cgi , the sharks get more full-length screen time as their predecessors did in those remote-controlled rubber suit days . gone are the days of people getting pulled under the water with the water turning red right after . this time , we get to see the entire gobbling action , with floating limbs and all . so-so acting , expected in most of your average action film . jackson ( fresh from his jedi master role in the phantom menace ) , takes on the dark-side force of a different kind and fits well with his wise-cracking lines . ll cool j's cook role as preacher , does for this film what steven seagal's cook could only dream to achieve in his two under siege films . deep blue sea does not offer any of the psychological thrills that jaws has to offer . it does however , prove to be a refreshing follow-up within the genre , full of visual thrills , suspense and believe it or not  humour ! its like jurassic park under water . nothing too stressful , pure entertainment . renny harlin , you are forgiven ( for making cutthroat island ) .
[23]	pos	pos	yes	this is the best british gangster film since the long good friday . jon bennet ( played by andrew howard ) is an extremely good assassin . as such he is probably an evil man but it does not worry him . he has become an unquestioning weapon . he is in the employ of a kingpin ( david calder ) far more evil than he is . but even assassins have innocent pasts . he runs into an old from school days and he is married to a mutual girl friend from school . complicating matters is that they live near where he had a recent job and their young daughter may have seen him at the crime . a big piece of what makes this film work is the depiction of the kingpin . calder is a familiar actor in britain , though not frequently seen in the us . he was seen in the world is not enough . here he creates one of the best screen villains in recent years . he is at once seductive and repellent like a beautiful venomous snake . his lair is underground , apparently in a sewer , where he lives like the king of sewer rats . it is the kingpin who pulls the strings that will control bennet's life . paul sarossy who directs spent most of his career as a cinematographer and like the kingpin's lair , he has molded images of class and style out of the darkness . by using semi-darkness and letting the colors of deep blue and black dominate every scene he makes the film visually as ominous as anything in this nether world . this is a world that is cold and unfriendly . sorossy creates a world of violence much more by what we hear than what we see . this is a film with a great deal of physical violence occurring just out of reach . we see very little but we hear a great deal more and we imagine more than that . the screenplay is by peter waddington based on the novel by neil cross , but it is sarossy's film all the way . it creates indelible images of evil . i rate it an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +3 on the -4 to +4 scale . ( i do hope they do not use the tagline " don't mess with mr . in-between . " )
[24]	pos	pos	yes	the course of their interactions , interest on both their parts grows into a budding romance . given that " casablanca " is fingal's favorite film , and the basis for his fantasy world , a great deal of the movie is homage to " casablanca " . in fact , the humphrey bogart and peter lorre characters make appearances ( played by julia in a dual role and louis negin , respectively ) in a bar called " the place " . julia's portrayal of bogart is passable , and avoids becoming the " schweethaat " -spouting parody seen in cartoons . negin's peter lorre is quite credible , and easily the best peter lorre i've ever seen who wasn't the real thing . the two of them , as characters created by fingal's imagination , serve as aspects of his personality , driving him on in his quest to hack the computer system . those aren't the only casablanca characters to put in appearances . the sydney greenstreet character also happens to be around . . . as " the fat man " , the alternate aspect of the film's main villain , the novicorp chairman ( donald c . moore ) . while fingal's body is lost , the fat man tries to stop him from hacking the system . . . with less than salutory results . it's interesting to note the futuristic slang words that are thrown about left and right during the film , in the best golden-age science fiction tradition . words like " dopple " , " psychist " , " computech " , " cinema " , and " reconst " are apparently in common use . and while people of today may well laugh at fourteen years past's idea of futuristic data processing clerks , some aspects of this film are surprisingly perfectly in keeping with the way we think of " virtual reality " today . as cyberpunk films go , this may not be a staple of the genre , but it's definitely recommended viewing . the special effects are very primitive , placing this production in the realm of low-to-medium-budget television . the music is completely electronic-synthesized , which fits the low budget but isn't really out of keeping with the genre . however , the writing quite makes up for it . there are some very funny moments , and quite a few little in-jokes that one needs to have seen " casablanca " to appreciate properly . all in all , i give " overdrawn at the memory bank " a .
[25]	pos	pos	yes	, a chaplin-inspired clown and all round jolly guy who , as the film opens , is vying for the affections of an attractive school teacher ( nicoletta braschi , benigni real life spouse ) . through the course of the first hour or so , we see guido striving to get the attention of this " beautiful princess " , as he calls her . employing the magic of laughter , the italian comedian wins her heart and together , they raise a young boy named giosue ( child actor giorgio cantarini ) . life treats them well until hitler's minions rise to power , and the family is whisked away to a german camp , where guido becomes convinced that he must upholds his son's innocence no matter what the sacrifice . granted , it contains some uproariously funny moments both in and out of the concentration camp , but it does not pull a " hogan's heros " and make light of the slaughtering of some six million innocent jews . somehow , it achieves hilarity without disrespecting it's gravely serious subject . so , we've established that life is beautiful is not a " holocaust comedy " . but , there is another complete misrepresentation of this material that really disturbs me . the film , despite critic's declarations of it being a " triumph of the human spirit " , is no such thing ; not in my eyes , anyway . some have called the story an " affirmation of the beauty of life " , but i say it is a very dark and bleak statement about man's capability of denial masquerading as an endearing comedy . the film's ending has been recognized as the most entirely uplifting moment of any film released recently , but i found it to be truly discerning and upsetting . essentially , life is beautiful is quite possibly the greatest hoax in the history of film . however , i am not denying the movie's greatness . believe me , it's fantastic . i'm just saying that i think benigni did something different than what most people are interpreting it as . but perhaps i'm reading more into the movie than is really there . maybe the film's brilliance relies on the idea that the viewer can interpret the meaning of it in any way they see fit . in fact , maybe roberto benigni has made a film that is the sole argument for the old saying that you get out of a movie exactly what you put into it .
[26]	pos	pos	yes	most movies seem to release a third movie just so it can be called a trilogy . rocky iii seems to kind of fit in that category , but manages to be slightly unique . the rocky formula of " rocky loses fight/rocky trains/rocky wins fight " is carried out to the letter . also the 'tradition' of showing the last five minutes or so from the past rocky film is used as well . this movie begins with a series of clips showing how famous rocky ( sylvester stallone ) has become . . . even showing a brief appearance on sesame street ! ! then it moves on with rocky being in a fixed fight with thunderlips ( hulk hogan ) . a mysterious bad-ass known as clubber lang ( mr . t ) trash-talks to rocky about his stupid decision to retire from boxing and that he " pities the fool " for not coming out and fighting him outright . rocky's trainer ( burgess meredith ) tells rocky not to fight , but the italian stallion doesn't listen . naturally , he gets his ass kicked . somewhere along the line after this several things happen . rocky's longtime trainer dies , causing rocky to train with his former opponent apollo creed . rocky's wife complains to her husband that he should fight . the final fight ensues between clubber and rocky . guess who wins ? the winner's name rhymes with 'smocky' . the movie is entertaning mainly because of clubber lang's over the top performance . the dramatic aspect has been toned down considerably since rocky ii and now action seems to be the strong point of the film . which is good if you like fighting scenes . the last match is quite decent actually . if you liked the previous films , rent this one . it's well worth seeing if you are a fan of the series . but if you can't stand rocky shouting " adrianne ! ! ! " one more time , see something else .
[27]	pos	neg	no	delightful . eleanor o'sullivan of `the home news & tribune' noticed this , and was kind and generous enough to welcome it : `for want of a better word , a glow surrounds a dog of flanders . its heart is in the right place and it engages you . you can guess where the film is going because this is well-traveled territory , but with pros like voight and appealing young performers like kissner , an often-told story is well worth a revisit . ' in addition , there were a couple of other enthusiasts , such as chicago-sun times and the washington post ( you should read their reviews ; they're really positive ) . other critics , however , were not so kind . stephen holden of `the new york times' had more than a share of beatings to lay upon a dog of flanders via pen writing . he found the film to be a `sea of sugary bromides' and condemned mr . voight's character as `hopelessly wooden ? adopts an accent even more indeterminate than the one he came up with for anaconda . ' in addition , `entertainment weekly' slam-dunked the film , condemning it as `the worst family film of the year . ' there have been so many other bad reviews like this , too . my suggestion : disregard the critics . they just have a big problem with touching family films , and one should never pay attention to them . this dog of flanders may only be a little `family' movie ( it probably won't be a big hit in the style of titanic , but then again no other film has been since then ) , but that is not a bad thing in and of itself . this is a story that is sure to warm your heart , and that is what really matters about a dog of flanders . it is also one of the better family films around this year . none of the other films i have seen this year ( though they were good ) have been so low-key and touching . if you're looking for family-style entertainment , look no further than this charming boy-and-dog yarn . go see it while you still can , for as i mentioned , it might not be a big bow-wow at the box office for a long time . see it while you can . there is really no need to compare a multi-million dollar blockbuster such as star wars : episode i ? the phantom menace or tarzan , or even the iron giant with a tender , sweet little family movie .
[28]	pos	neg	no	up with tarantino again , but the chemical reaction isn't as awesome as the first time . jules was the rambling , bible-quoting hitman in pulp fiction , and jackson is the only person who could have pulled it off . and although jackson is really , really good in jackie brown , i don't think he's quite as irreplaceable . in fact , maybe a new face would have been better . jackson could've remained tarantino's jules , and a new guy could have become ordell , forever to remain so in our memories . sadly , these characters are too much the same , except ordell just isn't as impressive , and putting this in the hands of jackson once again is only going to deter from our fond recollections of jules . another problem is that ordell is way too focused on in the beginning . this is grier's film , so why spend so long getting to know a man who will become more of a supporting character as the film progresses ? it not only makes the movie feel a little too slanted , but it makes for a slow beginning because we have to take longer getting to the meat of the story . it is likely that those pouring into the theater to see this film are going to be those anxious to partake of tarantino's quirky dialogue and eccentric directing style , and not so much those interested in seeing a silver screen adaption of elmore leonard's novel " rum punch " . for those movie-goers , don't expect another pulp fiction and you'll be satisfied , for the script oozes with the familiar brash qualities that has made tarantino an icon of 90's film- making . the directing has toned down a bit , however , yet we're still reminded that this is tarantino's movie thanks to odd split-screen story-telling devices and scenes being replayed multiple times from different viewpoints . so getting back to the question that i began with , this isn't pulp fiction at all . it's good , but it isn't anything that made pulp fiction such a revolutionary effort in the first place . this is a more conservative tarantino , but not one that won't satiate true fans . if you can realize that this isn't going to knock your socks off , then you'll be happy to at least let it massage your feet . after all , we all know how much tarantino loves that particular part of the human anatomy .
[29]	pos	pos	yes	synopsis : retiring detective jerry black ( nicholson ) becomes involved in the case of a murdered girl , and promises her parents that he will find the killer . he purchases a gas station on a route he believes the killer takes , and there befriends lori ( wright penn ) and her young daughter . as jerry and lori fall in love , can he do what must be done to fulfill his pledge ? review : at first , " the pledge " appears to be just another standard , if well-executed , crime drama . it is anything but ; in its final hour , it turns the corner and becomes a riveting , terrifying study of its lead character , jerry black . penn pays attention to all the trappings of the serial killer genre , but they are just window dressing . his interest here , unequivocally , is jerry , a man so haunted by his pledge that it consumes the entirety of the his existence . at first , we see this only in small hints ; some of his habits change , for instance , and he suddenly takes up smoking in a big way . but then , when jerry buys the gas station and befriends lori , the true extent of his mania draws horrifyingly into focus . nicholson is fantastic , portraying black with rare subtlety and animus ; jerry's gradual descent into obsession is like a car wreck , a thing horrible to look at but impossible to turn away from . penn coaxes good supporting performances from much of the rest of his cast , too . only eckhart disappoints as jerry's replacement , stan ; he never seems entirely convincing , too much a tool of the plot . penn's direction is astounding , each frame looking as though it is parched -- of water , perhaps , or of sanity . it all builds up to a shattering , devastating climax which lingers uncomfortably in the mind long after the house lights have come up .
[30]	pos	neg	no	appropriately enough heist opens with a very clever jewelry store job . it is so clever that one wonders if mamet really thinks up all these ideas himself or if he has help from professional magician and con expert ricky jay , now a regular actor in mamet films . this is a robbery that works like a well-oiled machine . there is just one problem and it is enough to get joe moore ( played by gene hackman ) filmed on a security camera . now joe has to get out of the business . it was coming time anyway . joe's team including bobby blane ( delroy lindo ) , fran moor ( rebecca pidgeon ) , and pinky pincus ( ricky jay ) is going to split up and go separate ways . but crime boss bergman ( danny devito ) is pulling the strings and he says that joe and his people have to manage one more robbery . and he has to take along a young kid , the short- fused jimmy silk ( sam rockwell ) . immediately it is obvious that there is more going on than meets the eye . much of what distinguishes heist is mamet's dialog . remarkably it serves a double purpose . the robbery team sounds at once very professional and at the same time it has mamet's special feel for dialog . hackman has lines like " everybody needs money . that's why they call it money . " mamet's timing is perfect in the direction but terrible in the production . the plot is coincidentally a lot like the plot of the recent the score , which is , in fact , a very similar story . both are good films , perhaps for some of the same reasons . but at least on a high level they are much the same story . the other problem with the timing of heist is that it involves airport security and clever ways to get around them . i saw the film at the toronto international film festival on september 12 , 2001 . that made the subject matter just a little too timely . my understanding is that the release will be delayed . my biggest problem with the film is that rebecca pidgeon's acting at times seems very poor . it is some kind of mamet trademark i do not understand to have women talk without inflection , as if they are just reading the words for the first time . it is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a very good thriller . it is one i rate an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[31]	pos	pos	yes	them to consider other vehicles in which this dynamism could be explored . it is the only scene in the movie in which there were tremendous dynamics between two characters . everything else was very one-sided ( e . g . foster ) . lowe can stand up to foster and it showed in that scene at the cabinet table . the core scene of the movie is set on a surrealistic beach on a far-away world in the starsystem of vega . it feels a lot like science fiction writer john varley's scenes in his book steel beach , where the female protagonists encounters an immensely superior intelligence , in one case a computer manufactured by mankind itself , and in foster's case , an illusion drawn from her memory . in another sense , this immensely moving scene evokes gene roddenberry's star trek pilot the cage , later the menagerie , when jeffrey hunter and susan oliver have their memories manipulated to create new worlds in which they live and encounter aliens . the concept is not new , by any sense , in the world of science fiction . but the beach scene , which is the centerpiece of the film , as is the whole film , is driven by foster . freed from her needs to direct by director zemecki , foster is able to let it all hang out in the characterization and the lead she provides to her supporting cast . as the movie gains speed , foster's acting intensifies and the audience really does experience it with her . it is certainly oscar-caliber acting , unquestionably . the supporting cast does well and zemeckis throws in some humor with some president clinton cameos , cleverly manipulated , george stephanopolus-style , to seem very forrest gump . in fact , zemeckis et . al . got in trouble for the usage of some of the footage seen in the movie , vis a vis clinton . but the audience i attended this movie with just had some good chuckles at clinton's walk-ons . the much-discussed tension between science and religion in this movie is not particularly insightful to those who have already gone through this course though it is helpful to those in the audience who have not . also , the near-final scene , in a senate judiciary hearing room is disappointing . contact is a fitting memorial to the memory of carl sagan , science popularizer , and sometime pedantic gadfly of the halls of academe . perhaps now , sagan can be said to be with his dragons of eden .
[32]	pos	pos	yes	and he pulled it off . mira sorvino , who made a spectacular debuting splash in 1995's hilarious woody allen comedy , " mighty aphrodite , " for which she won a well-deserved oscar as a kind-hearted , but ditzy hooker , is a standout here . although she has made some mediocre film choices since then ( 1997's " mimic , " 1998's " the replacement killers " ) , she always has managed to come out unscathed , and it is with " at first sight " that she finally has another juicy role to play . in a truthful climactic scene set in amy's apartment between she and virgil , sorvino proves to be one of the most gifted young actresses around today , and has a flare for both comedic and dramatic pieces . kelly mcgillis , who could have easily come off as the " bad , " one-dimensional sister , instead is also given an unexpectedly multifaceted character to play as a woman who may be overly protective but simply cares for her brother . finally , nathan lane , who is usually a little too over-the-top , is appropriately restrained as a vision therapist . the one misstep of " at first sight " is in its treatment of the medical procedure done on virgil . very little is ever said or discussed concerning it , and when the surgery occurs , it is so briefly glimpsed at that it is impossible to see what is being done to his eyes . perhaps the reason this aspect of the film was not more in-depth was that the makers were afraid it would gross out audiences , but i would personally take realism , even if it is graphic , any day over simply giving the explanation of the surgery the cold shoulder . in " awakenings , " the patients and illness were far more satisfyingly portrayed . because of how strong the screenplay , written by steve levitt , is in the way it deals with the main relationship , and because of the fabulous performances from kilmer and sorvino , the film's few problems can be swept over to the side . the adult way that the romance is depicted by director irwin winkler is , no doubt , in respect to the real-life couple that the film was inspired by , who are still together after many years ( even though the setting of the film was changed to new york ) . since january is usually the time of year that is known as the dumping ground from bad movies , " at first sight " comes as a refreshing and sophisticated change of pace .
[33]	pos	pos	yes	, he had best have his escape route clearly in mind . politics is his game , and the modern cubicle-filled office is his playground . men wears the guise of a black comedy , but it functions best as allegory . the most controversial moment in the film happens when chad humiliates a black temp by asking him how badly he wants to succeed in the company , then forces him to prove it in a manner i won't describe . the scene is charged with racism and fraught with peril . could it happen in the real world ? probably not . taken as allegory , however , it is representative of the treatment of the meek by the powerful in all facets of society . maybe it's just the english major in me , but chad , in his motiveless cruelty towards christine and his careful manipulation of howard , can be seen as a symbol of unbridled capitalism , of greed without conscience . the entire film is a metaphor for social darwinism- only the strong will survive . the marvel of labute's multi-layered script is that it can disturb each member of its audience in an entirely different way . but does the film work as entertainment ? its darned funny in spots , particularly in the men's room scenes , which demonstrate the lengths to which guys will go to hold a conversation while engaged in the most basic of bodily functions . it works less well as drama , since by necessity the characters in an allegory tend to be flat ciphers . stacy edwards gives a measured dignity to christine , and succeeds in making us care for her , but by the end of the film we still know nothing about her . likewise , chad and howard are simply the sum of their actions . by the end of the film you'll feel as if you've met a genuine monster in chad ; perhaps we can also classify men as a horror film . certainly those expecting a conventional hollywood resolution to the story will walk away disappointed . but the picture is often mesmerizing , and the script is a work of fine craftsmanship , which makes it well worth your time . like all good films , it offers a myriad of parallels to the outside world . while watching chad in his moment of triumph , i couldn't help but think that bill gates must have felt the same sort of cold , merciless satisfaction when he finally stuck it to steve jobs . there may be a little bit of chad in all of us , but some of us have taken chad-ness to the level of art .
[34]	pos	neg	no	swearing , sex , and everything else that make's a good verhoeven ( director of basic instinct and starship troopers ) movie . naturally , there's some pretty imaginative deaths , with arms getting ripped off , someone getting drilled , and heads exploding . as you can tell , it's violent stuff . but it's done so stylishly , and of course arnie tones it down with a one liner , that's it excusable . the acting is variable . arnie , of course , is useless , but he goes has some good lines , and in the first twenty minutes , he even act's like a normal bloke , not like some action hero . stone , of course , is useless , making a pretty poor wife , and a pretty poor action hero . but , she does sex scenes alright . ticoton ( most recently seen in con air ) , again , is ok , doing some good action , but getting her emotions all wrong . one minute she hates quaid , the next she loves him , and she never gets this tranisition right . so , the good guys are awful . but , the bad guy's are excellent . cox is basically reprising robocop , but he's still great in this , and he delivers the best line in the whole film near the end . ironside is superbly evil , with an utterly emotionless face . the supporting cast are fine , and not even the comedy sidekick ( this time in the form of a taxi driver ) is annoying . one disappointing aspect , though , are the special effects . ilm and dreamquest do some good work ( such as a subway station scene ) but the model work is not so good . some of the model heads look appaling fake , and quatto is a major disappointment . another irritating thing is the product placement . there are a lot of plugs ( and a good mars today gag ) however , the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film aren't too bad either . there's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture ) overall , then , total recall is a hugely violent , yet hugely enjoyable , action fest , with a reasonable plot thrown in there too , some great bad guys , and some imaganitive death . for a schwarzenegger movie , this is not bad at all . in fact , it's very good .
[35]	pos	pos	yes	the role of sethe so convincingly it is hard to believe this is the same woman who shines brightly on a tv talk show . lisa gay hamilton does an impressive job in the emotionally demanding role as the younger sethe , whose appalling actions make her the disturbed woman we see eighteen years later . danny glover is affable as the sympathetic paul d , as is kimberly elise as denver , sethe's wanderlusting daughter . as sethe's sage-like mother-in-law old baby suggs , beah richards authoritatively commands every scene in which she appears . the film's least palatable choice of casting is unfortunately that of the role of beloved herself . thandie newton plays the glassy-eyed girl with a demented fervor which is endearing at first , but which becomes off-putting and unintentionally laughable by the end . departing from the honed aesthetic he used in such films as _the silence of the lambs_ and _melvin & howard_ , director demme has used a bit of dramatic overstatement to get across the vivid descriptions in morrison's novel . totemic camera shots and color-saturated scenery are decidedly uncommon in demme's films , but the few he uses here work to the film's benefit . _beloved_'s most memorable scenes are those of baby suggs' gatherings in a forest clearing , where the bright yellow-greens of nature entrance the viewer as much as suggs' words do . for the most part , though , demme maintains his trademark directorial neutrality . this , combined with morrison's equally frugal method of storytelling , may make _beloved_ somewhat of a challenge to watch , even to those familiar with the book . though the film compliments the book extraordinarily well , it falls short in allowing the sort of accessibility one usually expects from a film . nothing is spoon-fed to the viewer . morrison's novel is just as enigmatic , but unlike a movie , a book can be put down to allow the various undercurrents and themes to churn and absorb . the movie begins like _poltergeist_ , and ends like _the color purple_ , with shades of _the scarlet letter_ and _little women_ somewhere in the middle . taken as a whole , beloved is a disquieting , one-of-a-kind experience , one to be viewed with guards down and spirits in abeyance .
[36]	pos	pos	yes	and shown lengthy excerpts from his satirical production . following the prologue , we are re-introduced to sidney prescott , who has left her sleepy hometown to go to windsor college . her friend randy ( jamie kennedy ) is a student there as well , and he's just as knowledgeable about horror films as ever . once the double murder at stab becomes big news , the media converges on windsor , looking to interview the original victim . at the head of the flock of vultures is gale weathers ( courtney cox ) , who has a little surprise for sidney . she has brought cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , the man sidney falsely accused of murder , with her . also arriving at the college is deputy dewey ( david arquette ) , who is there to act as a big brother to sidney during this latest round of tribulations . in addition to the survivors from the original scream , the field of potential victims is well-populated . there's a blond co-ed named cece ( sarah michelle gellar , who has now appeared in two of williamson's movies -- this one and i know what you did last summer ) ; sidney's requisite boyfriend , derek ( jerry o'connell ) ; a local newswoman ( laurie metcalf ) ; gale's new cameraman ( duane martin ) ; a british drama teacher ( david warner ) ; and several sorority sisters and would-be sorority sisters ( portia de rossi , rebecca gayheart , elise neal , marisol nichols ) . ultimately , there are lots of attractive corpses . from the stab scenes to lines like " brothers don't last long in situations like this , " craven and williamson are clearly having a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movie is enjoyable , if a little overlong ( the livelier first hour is better than the second ) . their resolution to the obligatory " whodunit ? " is less of a letdown than it could be , and knowingly offers a wink and nod at past unmasking scenes . ( " nice twist , " quips the killer . " didn't see it coming , didya ? " ) one senses , however , that , by the end of this picture , the overall concept of a hip , self-referential slasher film has been played out . supposedly , there's going to be a scream 3 , but , if the film makers don't come up with something radical , we could end up with a classic case of sequel overkill .
[37]	pos	pos	yes	adapted from elisabeth sanxay holding's 40's noir novel 'the blank wall' by directors scott mcgehee and david siegel , would be unbelievable if not for swinton and her costar visnjic . alek spera is a wrong side of the tracks loser who arrives after reese's body has been discovered . he shows margaret a videotape of beau having sex with reese and demands $50 , 000 or he'll turn the tape over to the reno police . subsequent visits will turn his mind set upside down and backwards , though , as he comes to admire and even love the woman he set out to blackmail . there's yet another problem , though - his partner nagle ( raymond barry , " dead man walking " ) is a harder cored criminal who won't let up until his share of the money is delivered . visnjic's dark , brooding turn has an interior shading to it that makes us believe he's a victim of circumstance and environment . his turnaround is palpable as he witnesses margaret's inherent decency and her workaday surroundings . also outstanding is tucker as beau , who has a terrific character arc and pas de deux with his mother . initially beau's the typical sullen teen . 'you're blowing this out of proportion , ' he says of her concerns about reese , not comprehending that his mom has enough insight to have divined the true nature of the relationship . as his mom gets in deeper and deeper trying to cover up a crime he didn't commit , beau becomes suspicious of her actions and apparent new companion , turning tables . his early black eye becomes her later split lip . while the two can never be completely honest with each other , their love for each other comes through strongly . the directors ( " suture " ) have a firm grip on their material and cast . the story builds perfectly with bold strokes amidst a myriad of subtler underpinnings . water imagery is constant ( an early shot of weirdly rushing green is revealed to be a young boy cleaning out an aquarium ) . giles nuttgens ( " fire " ) cinematography , which won the 2001 sundance festival award , is crisp and startlingly clear . the tahoe locations and production design by kelly mcgehee and christopher tandon provide a dual personality for the film , contrasting the calm , well off existence of the lake against the gambling city of reno . " the deep end " is a complex story of domino deeds and shifting relationships . take the plunge .
[38]	pos	pos	yes	leonardo decaprio ( what's eating gilbert grape ) and claire danes ( tv's my so called life ) star in director baz luhrmann's modernized version of william shakespeare's classic , romeo & juliet . surrounded by a superb supporting cast , in-cluding paul sorvino ( goodfellas ) , brian dennehy ( tommy boy ) , pete poslethwaite ( the usual sus-pects ) and john leguizamo ( executive decision ) , decaprio and danes shine throughout the film . the story starts off at a gas station , where the " montague boys " meet the " capulet boys " and square off with one another . symbolizing the swords of shakespeare's day were their weapons , like the " rapier-9mm " or the " longsword- shotgun . " instead of killing each other right away , they shoot around , just like in sword fights of old . another great thing about the film was the performance of harold perrineau as romeo's best friend . mercutio , who in shakespeare's novel was quite a stud , was portrayed as an afri-can-american cross-dresser whose violent na-ture , was a definite plus . miriam margoyles , a virtually unknown actress was astounding as juliet's nurse , even though she was never given a name . she was the only one who could keep juliet out of her fantasy world . verona was the home of the rival families in shakespeare's version , only slightly changed in luhrmann's . now known as verona beach , the capulet's ( led by sorvino ) and montague's ( led by dennehy ) are now rival corporate dynasties . and their small family skirmishes were now huge gang wars . one slight problem with the film was the difficulty to comprehend the dialogue , since it was spoken in old english . sub-titles could have helped in the beginning of the movie , but toward the end , it became easier to understand . this excellent movie poses another prob-lem : what genre is it ? romeo & juliet contains so much drama , yet enough comedy and action to be placed in either of those categories . with the same award-winning formula that was used by quentin tarantino in reservoir dogs and pulp fiction , romeo & juliet is a sure fire modern masterpiece . ,
[39]	pos	neg	no	that comes off as a politcally correct movie too . if your canadian , a strong christian , fat , gay or anything else , you will be offended . but when you watch this movie , there is no doubt that you will laugh . based on the wildly popular comedy central tv show , south park stars cartman , an overweight , foul-mouthed kid , with attitude , and a sweet side . kenny , a poor kid who gets killed in every episode , and talks with his coat hood covering his head . stan a regular , sometimes boring kid who has problems with women . and kyle a lonely jew who talks to his poop . the movie opens with a funny , but messageable song , that all of the people of south park sing . cartman , stan , kenny and kyle are very excited to see the new terrance and phillip ( beavis and butthead types ) movie " asses of fire " . but when the kids get up to the movie to get the tickets , they learn the movie is rated r , which of course means that anyone under the age of 17 cannot get in without a parent or legal guardian . the kids do not understand this , and they pay a homeless man to buy their tickets . while in the movie , laughing at the movie , terrance and phillip cuss repeatedly entertaining the kids . they kids then go out and cuss themselves , getting in trouble and causing kyle's mom to go against the mpaa . while doing this kenny learns a thing or to , by proving to cartman he can light his fart on fire . kenny does so , dies , and goes to hell , to find out that satan and saddam huiessan ( homosexual lovers ) , are about to take over the world , if terrance and phillip die . >from here on , nothing more should be said to keep the rest a surprise . but believe me , this isn't your regular south park tv show , and should not be seen by anyone under 14 or more . this film contains extreme profanity ( over 130 " f " words and a collection of others ) . but beyond being bad in a tasteless type way , south park : bigger , longer and uncut has many messages that are embedded inside it . but i bet you will not leave the movie , for at least laughing one time or more . and enjoying yourself . take it from me , south park : b , l , and u , isn't as good as you'd hope , but it is good for some laughs .
[40]	pos	pos	yes	humphries , better known to americans , for about 15 minutes , as dame edna ( remember her ? ) ? he wants to sabotage the girls' concert so he can sell papers . of course , the point in a movie like " spice world " isn't plot . ? the center of the film is the spice girls themselves : ginger ( the recently departed geri haliwell ) , posh ( victoria adams ) , sporty ( melanie chisolm ) , scary ( melanie brown ) , and baby ( emma bunton ) . ? each one has their own personality and , perhaps the best part of the film , look like they are having some honest-to-goodness fun , something that can't be said for a lot of people in films today . along for the ride are richard e . grant as their manager , clifford , and various other characters making quick cameo appearances ( including teriffic british actors like richard briers and stephen fry ) . ? and , every once and a while , roger moore pops up as the chief to spout odd koans ( added bonus : he gets to , in the words of craig kilborn , dance , dance , dance . ) watching this film was fun , for the most part . ? there are a few slow segments , but overly , director bob spiers keeps things moving at a quick pace , with plenty of hummable spice girls songs in the background . ? his camerawork is fairly pedestrian , though the final concert number is done quite well with effective use of editing . ? the look of the film promotes the high fun , with the design of the spicebus being quite original and eye-catching . ? add in wall-to-wall spice girls music and this film is lovable romp . ? if you don't like the spice girls , you won't change your mind with this film . ? but , if you find them at least tolerable , get ready to sit back and chill because the spice girls are here to entertain you . . . and do it quite well . ? " spice world " ( 1998 ) . ? directed by bob spiers . ? written by kim fuller . ? music by the spice girls . ? with geri halliwell , victoria adams , melanie chisolm , melanie brown , emma bunton , richard e . grant , claire rushbrook , roger moore . ? distributed by columbia pictures . ? running time : 92 minutes . ? rated : pg . ? available on home video . ---- 29 june 1998
[41]	pos	pos	yes	opening night crowd in my theater was about 70% male , and that seems appropriate . " gladiator " is a guy movie ( would the opposite of a " chick flick " be a " dick flick " ? ) . there's much pumping of testosterone and chopping off of body parts in gruesome battle sequences . ( those easily offended by gore should stay away . ) lucilla is the only female character , and what sparks there are between her and maximus are dampened by his devotion to his dead wife . joaquin phoenix gives an astounding performance . in the scene where commodus kills his father , phoenix shows the pain of a son who has never had his father's love or pride . throughout the picture , phoenix manages to give depth to a character who's scripted as a caricature of evil . i've been a russell crowe fan since " romper stomper . " this role doesn't offer him the complexities of his parts in " l . a . confidential " and " the insider " -- essentially his job is to grunt heroically -- but his voice , which has a richard burton resonance textured by a clint eastwood rasp , is perfect for the genre . the late oliver reed gave us the best work of his career in his last role . i hope it will be rewarded with an oscar . my only major quibble with " gladiator " is its stylized look . several scenes are tinted . we've seen a lot of the tinted look lately , particularly in " payback " and " the matrix . " i don't get the appeal of the style , which makes feature films look like tv ads . in " payback " it was merely annoying , but in " gladiator " it bleaches the color out of the grand spectacles that are the raison d'etre of the roman epic . ( perhaps it's meant to gloss over the imperfections of the computer-generated shots . ) also , the battle scenes are filmed in a strange herky jerky style that seems to be slo mo and fast forward simultaneously . ( it reminds me of the way the flash runs in the comic books , leaving a half-blurred trail of images of himself behind . ) with a more realistic look , " gladiator " could be even more satisfying than " braveheart " because it has a tighter script and a more fulfilling conclusion . bottom line : a rousing action film enriched by fine performances but tarnished by stylistic choices .
[42]	pos	pos	yes	. apparently everyone in the town is dead . the authorities call a " wildfire alert , " summoning four scientists , all but one of them somewhat reluctant , to a super-secret underground germ warfare laboratory in nevada . two of scientists , stone and hall , fly directly to the town in space suits and find a town where almost every single resident literally dropped in their tracks , their blood turned to powder in their veins . some went insane before they died and two of them , a baby and an old wino , are miraculously still alive . they take the survivors and the satellite back to the lab , where stone pressures the white house to call up a " directive 712 , " an executive order to cauterize the area around the town with a nuclear bomb . what they find on the satellite when they get back to the lab is andromeda , an organism that defies all the normal rules of earth-like life and mutates as it grows . their only hope to cure it is to find out what a perfectly healthy baby boy has in common with an old derelict . what they find out is that organism feeds directly on energy and that detonating the a-bomb over the town would only spread it across the entire planet . they barely call off the bombing in time . but then the organism mutates into something that threatens to eat through the labs defenses and break out . this triggers the lab's last-ditch defense mechanism , an atomic bomb . to those raised on the brainless action fare that pollutes movie theaters these days , the andromeda strain will probably seem interminably slow . much of the film is a lot of people standing around looking at video screens and computer readouts . but what the characters see on those screens ratchets up the tension with every turn of the screw . the performances are universally fine , with the actors keeping things low-key and restrained , just like scientists . to me , the real appeal of this film is the fact that it shows scientists acting like scientists and makes it seem exciting . we follow the logic of their deduction step by methodical step , puzzling like they do every time andromeda behaves in a way we don't expect . this film is only available on wide screen on dvd and that is the way to see it . it was originally rated g when first released but it now carries the pg rating , mostly for very mild nudity and one scene in which a body's wrist is slashed , spilling its powdered blood .
[43]	pos	pos	yes	harmon , who looks like anything but a killer but specializes in playing them , plays charles , the merry widow murderer in the 1991 hallmark hall of fame remake of the 1943 hitchcock film , shadow of a doubt . and to avoid any questions about his guilt , we see charles in action in the opening scene with his last victim . the story takes place in the early 1950s in the small town of petaluma , california , where charles heads to avoid the police . john gay's script uses most of the original screenplay by sally benson , alma reville , and thornton wilder . karen arthur's direction is certainly no match for the great master , but on an absolute scale , the movie maintains a high level of suspense . when supercilious and deceitful charles comes to pay a visit of indeterminate length with his sister and her family in petaluma , they don't know about his nefarious activities . he showers them with elaborate gifts to buy the love they had already given him anyway . two mysterious and exceedingly clean-cut writers for a magazine show up to take pictures of the family for a spread on the " average american family , " but their interest is focused on uncle charles , especially on taking his picture and learning about his background . charlie , who first welcomed her uncle's visit , begins to feel more and more uncomfortable with him and suspicious of the disingenuous magazine reporters . the picture advances with a delicate power using small details such as the newspaper article that the uncle tries secretly to remove and that charlie discovers . the beauty of the story is the pas de deux between uncle and niece as they try to out psych each other . she wants him to leave , and he doesn't want to go , what with a local , rich widow as a prospective victim . will charles kill charlie first , or will she get him out of town . harmon is wonderfully creepy and smug , and welsh is tough but trapped . with a deft touch the director sets up each scene , several with thunderstorms , and tom neuwirth's sepia-toned cinematography makes the movie feel as if it were filmed in the 50s . my only quibble is the director's awkward staging of the final scene on the train . is hitchcock's version better ? of course . is this one worth watching as well ? actually , yes . shadow of a doubt runs 1 : 40 . it is not rated but would be pg for adult themes and would be fine for kids around nine and up .
[44]	pos	pos	yes	and has a great sense of humor but strikes out with the opposite sex because she sees herself as physically unattractive , and the men seem to be backing her up on that . meanwhile , her gorgeous neighbor nora ( uma thurman . . . uma being the only woman's name worse than nora ) attracts men like flies . as abby tells her , " you burp and they think it's cute . you barf and they line up to hold your hair back . " but nora's down on herself for being too shallow and superficial . we all have our prwhen a man calls in to veterinarian abby's talk radio show wanting to know how to get the roller skates off his basset hound . ( oh come on , any idiot knows how to handle that problem ! ) he likes her personality and professional demeanor and asks to meet her in person . abby , though , knows her body doesn't match her personality and that she probably won't have a chance with him once he sees her . so she gives him nora's body description and stands him up . nora happens to be in the studio the next day when the dog man comes by and abby asks her for a big favor . she goes along with the masquerade and the three of them head out for a night of fun , abby assuming the role of a goat cheese farmer named donna . the dog man finds out even though this girl is beautiful , she's not quite as intellectual or confident about herself in person , but he doesn't suspect anything , realizing he's not living in a " three's company " episode . the charade continues , with abby furthering the relationship over the phone ( including a decidedly unnecessary phone sex/masturbation sequence ) and nora furthering it in person , while eventually finding herself attracted to the dog man . like sleepless in seattle , this comedy/romance is predictable all the way through , but we care enough about the characters that we root them on and will the romance to blossom . the truth about cats and dogs isn't quite as entertaining as i was expecting it to be , but it handles well a theme i could identify with . the thing is , i find janeane garafolo rather attractive . she's no uma but i'm sure in real life she'd have no problems attracting men . i , on the other hand , couldn't attract a man to save my life . . . and am rather proud of that fact .
[45]	pos	pos	yes	of the ending draws the viewer in , as we are just as confused as the actors who are being chased around . the yellows , reds , and oranges of the lights create a dark mood , and by themselves create a lot of suspense . shadows dance on the walls , and yet those shadows could easily be the alien . the alien is different from its predecessors this time around , and the swiftness of this alien is quite intense . the camera likes to take up the perspective of the alien , racing after the characters . the sets are quite incredible , which are reminiscient of the nostromo from alien . the narrow corridors and labrynthine hallways is well constructed . the sets appear to be in the future , but not too far in the future . one of the set pieces even aids in the destruction of the alien ( nothing surprising there ) . sigourney weaver turns out yet another good performance , equaling her portrayal of ripley in aliens . she was snubbed at the oscars for this one , mainly because the film was a critical bomb . her reactions are far more realistic in this film , with her crying over the loss of the little child she risked her life saving in her previous encounter . it's quite touching really . charles s . dutton is very strong in his performance as one of the inmates , and i was on the brink of actually caring for him . charles dance turns in a nice low-key performance , and as a result , i cared for him immediately . lance henriksen makes a brief appearance as bishop ii , but he was more entertaining in aliens . the rest of the cast is pretty stale , though pete postlethwaite sticks out due to his recent turns in the usual suspects and the lost world . alien 3 is rated r for strong violence and language , and sex . although it has its flaws , alien 3 is highly entertaining with rich symbolism . this film reminds you how much fun it is to spot metaphorical images throughout a movie . while kubrick may have a moral message throughout his films , fincher relies on cinematic devices to bring his meanings out . it's a film like fincher's which reminds us that it is okay for a film to sacrifice quality for quantity ( the final scene ) . in fact , it tells us that we , as a society , have become too critical of things which may happen to look a little " fake . " whenever something looks fake on screen , we immediately point it out as a mistake . but perhaps it isn't a mistake .
[46]	pos	pos	yes	digital 5 . 1 . included are two separate running commentary tracks : the first features writer/director sam raimi and producer rob tapert and the second track features the film's star , bruce campbell . campbell's commentary is informative and extremely witty , as he has a story to tell for virtually every scene in the film . such informative tidbits include : the original title of the film was going to be book of the dead ( and in fact when the film premiered in 1981 that was it's title ) and when they were asked to change the title to the evil dead , everyone thought it was the worst title they had ever heard . also , there's a scene early on in the film where the group sits around and listens to a tape recorder which they've found that's explaining about the demonic forces in the woods . for that scene , it was written for the characters to be smoking marijuana , so being the wacky kids that they were at the time , they decided to actually smoke marijuana for the scene . almost all of that footage became unusable because many of the actor's had never smoked before , and as a result they became " confused " and were unable to perform the scene . i wish the entertainment factor was as high for the sam raimi/rob tapert audio track . the two people you'd think would be more enthusiastic in talking about this film instead barely have much to say at all . don't get me wrong here , when they do speak it's entertaining to hear , but there are many instances where both are silent for long periods of time . sometimes after one of those long silences rob will ask " have anything to say sam ? " to me , that's not a good sign . also , it seems like sam raimi doesn't remember much about the film and it's production . . . well , compared to rob and bruce anyway . also included on the disc is a photo gallery ( which includes pictures from the film's " gala " premiere ) and about twenty minutes of raw footage from the film . this raw footage really shows you how much a film can be improved upon using simple audio techniques . overall , the evil dead is a good low budget horror film , superior to many films in it's genre . and the collector's edition dvd release is well worth your time if you're either a fan of the film or just a fan of the filmmaking process . all special edition dvds should be this thorough and entertaining .
[47]	pos	pos	yes	his wits rather than a gun . but even charming guys end up unlucky , and jack ends up in jail . but not for long . he plots an escape with the help of his best friend , and fellow robber , buddy bragg ( ving rhames ) , and their slow-witted pothead associate , glenn michaels ( steve zahn ) . but jack didn't count on u . s . marshal karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) . appearing at the right place at the wrong time , karen gets involved in foley's escape attempt and the subsequent manhunt to bring him in . however , karen develops a rapport with jack foley , and finds that she begrudgingly likes the guy . but , can love prosper on opposite sides of the law ? or can karen straighten out jack before he goes too far in pursuit of just one last crime . clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date . he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love . jennifer lopez does an excellent job as well . she actually has a trickier role than clooney , as a woman who has to balance her emotions with her sense of duty . she and clooney develop good chemistry together . the film boasts a superb ensemble . steve zahn gives a hilarious performance , and steals nearly every scene he's in . don cheadle is appropriately sinister as a violent ex-con who may or may not be teaming up with foley . albert brooks is enjoyable as a white collar criminal who talks too much for his own good . out of the cast , only dennis farina seems underused as karen's ex-lawman father . steven soderbergh gives the film sharp and stylistic direction . with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films . a recurring series of flashbacks makes the film seem more complex than it actually is . devoid of its bells and whistles , out of sight is actually a fairly straightforward crime story . however , there are only a few spots in the film that seem bare , and they pass quickly . with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts .
[48]	pos	pos	yes	bob the happy bastard's quickie review : the matrix what's worse than y2k ? how about a fully digital future where nothing is real ? that's what computer programmer neo ( keanu reeves ) slowly learns as he enters the dangerous world that is the matrix , a movie directed by the wachowski brothers ( the guys behind the hip thriller bound ) . before you groan at the presence of reeves in the lead role , hold on . there's actually a story with depth here . it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say . neo ( reeves ) is pretty much a key player in this fight , although he really doesn't look it at first . could this amateur be " the one " as fisburne thinks he is ? credit the wachowskis for putting together a great story that allows suspense to build , something that few special effects-laden films seem to do these days . there's plenty of effects to go around , of course , but at least there's a backbone to build them on as well . reeves is surprisingly good in his role as neo , particularly in a fight scene with fishburne that comes across as goofy , yet great . i wish the villains weren't quite so " generic " ( leftover g-men from looking for a sweet sci-fi actioner with plenty of stop-motion swooping camera angles and , of course , a motherlode of a helicopter explosion . now the wachowskis are headed into horror films with their next project . bring it on .
[49]	pos	pos	yes	martin scorsese's kundun , which chronicles roughly the first twenty years of the life of the currently exiled dalai lama , has been criticized for its lack of narrative structure . personally , i don't think it needs one : it works perfectly well as a study of tibetan buddhist culture and how communist china . scorsese views the dalai lama the way many tibetans probably do , as a larger-than-life symbol of buddhist spirituality and political leadership : the only glimpses into his head come from several interesting yet oblique dream sequences , but his portrayal is appropriate for a film that concentrates on the political and spiritual rather than the personal . the set design and cinematography are outstanding , and while scorsese occasionally seems to get carried away with the spectacle , it helps to augment the cultural contrast when the dalai lama travels to china to meet chairman mao . political art sometimes succumbs to the temptation to start shouting slogans , kundun does not : it succeeds in delivering its message in an artistically interesting way and without being overly manipulative .
[50]	pos	pos	yes	synopsis : upper middle class , suburban family man lester ( kevin spacey ) realizes that he is just going through the motions : he is unable to feel passion ; he is soulless , cynical , and no longer able to feel the edge between success and failure . everyone else around him has similar symptoms . lester's unassertive daughter jane ( thora birch ) is too lethargic to change her world , yet all too ready to whine and complain . his wife carolyn ( annette bening ) is reduced to keeping up appearances and reciting commercialist slogans . and these are people with a big house and a decent standard of living . the only person who seems able to appreciate beauty and freedom and life is the person most deprived of it : a dope-dealing teen from across the street who is practically imprisoned by a domineering , bullying father . when lester embarks on a mad scramble to feel the edge again , the fact that he has quit his job to feel what it's like - - and his newfound interest in exercise to impress a teenage girl - - ruffle a lot of feathers in the family . will lester regain his ability to appreciate life ? opinion : people say it all the time : you never appreciate good health until it's gone . likewise , people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity can become unhappy and spiteful over the dumbest , most inconsequential problems , simply because they have no clue how good they have it . sometimes it takes a near fall - - accidentally or through deliberate fasting - - to move out of apathy and reclaim your ability to challenge the world . the deprivation/appreciation cycle is a major theme of american beauty . american beauty is a non-formula , intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast , especially kevin spacey , who is simply gosh darn amazing this movie . the thing i like about american beauty is that there is no sentimental music , no hospital scene nor any overly dramatic hokum . the movie entertains and offers brilliant performances just as is . if you are in the mood for a thoughtful , non-formula flick , i highly recommend american beauty .
[51]	pos	pos	yes	job of a filmmaker is to create characters ( be they imagined or historical as the case may be ) that the audience gives a hoot about . and though elizabeth works well on many levels , it falls short of excellence because of that very reason . elizabeth takes place in england in 1554 , as queen mary , half sister of elizabeth and a monarch on the side of catholicism is dying . before she dies , though , she cannot bear to sign a document which would condemn her half sister to death because of her heretical protestant beliefs . as a result , amidst much anger within the council , elizabeth becomes the queen of england . the film chronicles her rise to power as she fights for a unified church of england and tries to bring order to her personal and political life . much of the film deals with elizabeth's love for lord robert , a mysterious man who thrusts his lordship onto many a woman as he continues to proclaim his love for the queen . there is much ado about her lack of a husband , and political pressures from spain and france enter into the equation . the problem with the film lies with this as its centerpiece , as love interests are such a character driven element . i didn't much care about the characters ( perhaps aside for elizabeth who is played quite well by blanchett ) and so i didn't have much interest in who would join her in her nuptials . the cast is rounded out well with the marvelous rush who plays the queen's most loyal advisor , sir francis , and attenborough as a well-meaning but old-fashioned lead council . why then , you must be asking , do i recommend elizabeth ? simply because it is the result of a perfect pairing of director and cinematographer . kapur and his cinematographer remi adefarasin ( neither of whom i have heard ) create a beautifully realized piece of filmmkaing from the technical side . the light streams through each frame as in any painting from the period and beautifully captures the realistic light sources that would have been found in churches , cellars and castles in 16th century europe . each frame is rich with color contrasted with blackness or blown-out white light from windows . the costumes by alexandra byrne deserve a mention as they are such an inportant aspect of each shot . indeed , elizabeth is one of the most visually beautiful films of the decade , ranking with kundun and braveheart . watch also for the incredibly " godfather-esque " mass murder scene . it made me think in retrospect of the similarities between the two films .
[52]	pos	pos	yes	carolco pictures and dutch director paul verhoeven ( robocop ) came together to create the 1990 mega hit that is total recall . the film is a masterpiece of sets , action , and special effects . action and science fiction just don't get any better than this ! the story involves a construction worker named douglas quaid ( arnold schwarzenegger ) who lives on earth with his beautiful wife lori ( sharon stone ) . quaid is obsessed with mars and decides to go with the second best choice ; a brain implant ( fake memory ) of a two week vacation on mars . while being implanted a memory cap is triggered and the doctors realize that quaid's memory has previously been erased . now the people who did it are after him . quaid must find out who he really is and why these people want him dead . the plot unfolds at a rapid pace explaining itself through great action , special effects , and twist after mind-boggling twist . it grabs you and never lets go ! this film is a winner from beginning to end . the plot is superb ; combining the best elements of science fiction and psychological mystery to create a rip-roaring saga . schwarzenegger gives his best performance ever , and the supporting cast is good too . the action and stunts are terrific . the sets are huge and elaborate with a lot of attention payed to detail . the music and sound effects are perfect for the film and really add a certain level of impact to the action . the make-up effects by rob bottin ( the howling , the thing , and robocop ) are top notch , not to mention extremely outlandish . the visual effects by dream quest ( the abyss ) and industrial light and magic ( star wars trilogy , jurassic park , and terminator 2 ) are phenomenal ! the visuals had such a state of the art " slickness " that they won an oscar . of course the film isn't always realistic ; it's more fiction than science . for example , it is true that a body won't explode in the vacuum of space but in total recall they do . who cares ? it's a movie . movies are supposed to entertain . and in my opinion this film achieves an entertainment level in film that is so terrific , it may be impossible to beat .
[53]	pos	pos	yes	with the abundance of trite , recycled movies in the late '90s , there is a tremendous demand by movie lovers ( never mind movie critics ) for movies that present the wide film audience with something truly original : perhaps audaciously , perhaps purely thematically . for the former , you need look no further than director tom tykwer's incredible german thriller run lola run , a movie that may make some viewers need a cooling off period afterwards . lola , a contemporary goth-girl with blazing red hair receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend manni one day . it seems that because she was late delivering something he lost a bag containing a hundred thousand marks , and if he doesn't deliver a hundred thousand marks within the next twenty minutes , he will be killed . this gives lola twenty minutes to come up with 100 , 000 marks , or her boyfriend dies . so she runs -- not just jogs , sprints -- in hopes that somehow , someway , she'll be able to obtain the money and save a life . >from there , as critic steve rhodes described it , run lola run plays a bit like " sliding doors on steroids . with a non-stop techno soundtrack , wierd camerawork , all kinds of insane zooms and a truly breakneck pace , anyone that is bored with run lola run has to be smoking something . indeed , the movie is often outrageously exciting , as well as bitterly ironic and subtly serious . very much like titanic , run lola run is an achievement with filmmaking much more than it is an achievement in film . the way the movie is made , for pure visual style , tykwer's movie is breathtaking ( literally , sometimes ) . thematically it does leave something to be desired ; it toys around with some intriguing ideas but does occasionally seem as if there is little substance behind all of the flash . while you are watching , this will not matter . running a breezy 81 minutes , this is one movie i wished was longer because it was so damn good while it lasted . it is the equivalent of a roller-coaster in the amount of thrills and fun that it offers . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
[54]	pos	pos	yes	the opening scene where casey becker ( drew barrymore ) is making popcorn , getting ready to watch a video , and some guy who sounds like a killer calls her up to play a game with her that involves horror movie triva that , if she gets it wrong , will get her and her boyfriend killed . she knows what to answer when he asks her horror film questions , she just can't answer his final question , " what door am i at ? " and that gets her killed . that scene works because in a normal horror film , half the things that happen in that scene would never happen . the plot is typical horror stuff : sidney prescott ( an impressive neve campbell ) , an attractive young high school student who's mother was killed a year ago tommorrow , is being stalked by a killer who's previously murdered one of her classmates ( casey , naturally ) , and everybody in this small , california town is a suspect , including sidney's boyfriend , billy loomis . but as i said before , these people know how horror movies work , and that's what makes it so appealing . that and the references to horror movies , like when casey says , " the first ( nightmare on elm street ) was scary , but the rest sucked . " which is obviously director wes craven ( who does a good job of poking fun of the genre that made him a legend ) patting himself on the back as he directed the first nightmare movie and none of the others , and when tatum , sidney's friend , mentions the director , wes carpenter , which is obviously an homage by writer kevin williamson to not only craven , but also director john carpenter . the cast is well chosen , neve campbell pulls off a good heroine ( and unlike most horror film heroines , she * can * act ) , drew barrymore does a good janet leigh impression for what little time she has in the film , and david arquette is impressive . also good ( and funny ) in his role is henry winkler ( " the fonz " ) as the school principal . i took half a point off for the unnecessary ( albeit limited ) appearance by friends' courteney cox as reporter , gail edwards , sidney's rival because she covered her mother's disappearance . i hate that show , i hate those actors . they're untalented , overexposed , and overpaid , imho , and i would think wes craven is smart enough to know those actors are overexposed enough , but i suppose he isn't .
[55]	pos	pos	yes	, isn't seeking her prince charming , mulan's motivations are simple ; to save her father , serve her country and find a place for herself in a world in which females have no say . the story of mulan takes place in ancient china at a time when the huns have invaded the nation . the emperor has called for a conscription , one man from each family to join the army and defend the nation . mulan's crippled father is called , but mulan sneaks off , steals his armor and takes his place . mulan is a saga of courage and self-discovery . yet , despite the grim backdrop of war , it is a lively tale of self-reliance and brain-over-brawn that even the smallest child can appreciate and enjoy . the movie utilizes a strong corps of asian-american talent as the voices for the main characters , including the wonderful ming-na wen ( the joy luck club ) as mulan , b . d . wong as shang , mulan's commanding officer and later love interest , pat morita as the emperor and the veteran soon-tek oh as mulan's proud , but loving father . also adding to the proceedings is eddie murphy as mushu the dragon , sent by mulan's ancestors to watch over and help the young woman . his fast , wise-cracking , hip-talking mushu may seem out of place , but it's a crowd pleasing performance , especially for the youngsters . the movie features only a couple of songs , fewer than most previous disney animated flicks , but mulan's are winners . the music by matthew wilder and lyrics by david zippel fit nicely into the plot . the overall score by jerry goldsmith also is a plus . mulan is a treat , more powerful than hercules , with more heart than the hunchback of notre dame . at about 85 minutes , mulan moves rapidly , and will hold the attention of youngsters from beginning to the end . mulan will set a new standard by which future animated efforts by disney and other studios will have to work hard to attain . also , it is hoped that the success of mulan , and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicle , will spur an interest for more movies with oriential or asian-american themes so as to provide more substantial roles for the talented performers who gave their voices for this production . it would be nice to see them on screen as well as hear them . committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
[56]	pos	pos	yes	anyway and another is murdered by a wicked redcoat colonel ( jason isaacs ) , martin quickly decides to save the day ( or save the fate of america as presented by emmerich ) . forming a band of aggressive farmers and using guerilla tactics considered unfair in the art of war , martin becomes the number one target of the british army . the best parts of the patriot are the scenes in which martin and his rugged militia men outsmart the british armies left and right . every time the farmers attacked the unsuspecting enemy , to see the disbelief on british general cornwallis' ( tom wilkinson ) face was priceless entertainment . and as the tension gradually formulates with the running time , a final battle is inevitable . as for the numerous battle scenes , they are expertly done . clearer and more realistic than those of gladiator , the gruesome images are what give this film an r rating . you really get a sense of how warfare was performed during that time period . everything is performed in an orderly ( but still quite gory ) fashion - one side shoots , then the other side , then the remaining soldiers charge . it's organized , strategic and , according to martin , ineffective . there is a very interesting contrast between the traditional battle style and martin's take-no-prisoners method . what drives martin to these supposedly unfair actions , are the originally brutal tactics of colonel tavington . played wonderfully by jason isaacs , tavington is the type who loves to glare down from his horse at civilians , who nervously avoid eye contact . this character is viciously evil ; he kills women and children and then laughs about it on the way home ; even his eyes are evil . his portrayal has sparked some controversy in britain , some claim that he falsely represents his countrymen as " cowardly " and " sadistic . " i disagree with this accusation . tavington does not represent his country ; his unnecessary executions shock his own colleagues and even anger his general . besides tavington , the redcoats remain stick figures that are neither glorified nor patronized . and stick figures make the easiest enemies in these kinds of movies - why give the audience a reason to love the bad guys ? heck , why not spend the entire film glossing up the good guys ? the patriot is three hours of fictional fireworks . with an action hero seeking revenge and a comic book villain ready to take him down , it's a lethal weapon for the colonial times . god bless america ! and god bless the patriot !
[57]	pos	pos	yes	of the screen . part of me would love to see an adaptation of 'the lord of the rings , ' but , on the other hand , i know that any filmmaker's recreation of ents , hobbits , and balrogs is inevitably going to be really lame compared to what i picture in my mind . this makes jordan's accomplishment here seem mighty impressive to me : he imbues the company of wolves with a genuine sense of magic and mystery . the somewhat ruritanian dreamworld becomes a kind of ur-reality . the sunshine is exceptionally warm and abundant . the nights are quiet and misty and eerie and ghostly . the peasant village is rustic and cozy , the woods old and hoary . this archetypal realm is the setting for a smart , subtle , literate script , a script which is as good as you'd expect from jordan ( himself an accomplished fiction writer ) and carter . for carter , the cauldron of story is a witches' brew , bubbling over with primal ingredients : mist-shrouded forests , ancient graveyards , virginal girls and wise women , wolves with glowing eyes . she adeptly blends them all together . there is a symbolic richness to the film ; everything is permeated with a sense of significance . the point of it all , i think , is to represent a girl's rites-of-passage on an unconscious , primordial level . a night-journey through the forest , from the village to the grandmother's home , is the crux of the company of wolves . " don't stray from the path , " rosaleen is told , again and again , and the path is both literal and figurative : the path through the forest and the path of life . staying on the path is the conventional approach suggested by rosaleen's elders . carter and jordan , never conventional , explore what goes on when you leave the path . those who stray will supposedly meet with a dark fate . this fate is literalized in the dream as werewolves , but the werewolves connote many things : death , sex , knowledge . if straying from the path leads to death , then it's not a good idea--but if that's what you have to risk to get sex and knowledge ( and therefore power ) , then maybe it's worth the risk . when you leave the path , the world becomes a dangerous , ambiguous place , but it's full of potential . and it's certainly more interesting than the disney version .
[58]	pos	pos	yes	brilliant . they're more realistic , and instead of bone crunching , we hear the sound of the gloves hitting eachother , which is slightly unerving at times . and i didn't know daniel day-lewis was in such good shape . but the backbone of the story is the love one . because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight . as the film goes on , and circumstances get worse and worse , the characters have to make real human decisions , and we can sympathize with them as humans not characters . this is how you write a love story - take note , hollywood . these elements are pretty much equally balanced , with each of the parts of the stories working hand-in-hand with eachother . i loved how each of the different parts of the plot mattered , and sometimes spilled over into the next . it made sure that we didn't just care for one of them . i'm not saying they're all equally great , because the love story really carries the film , but at least they all work out respectively . the acting is amazing , with day-lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry . i'm not sure if they're oscar-nominee bound , but they're very good . in the supporting roles , billy cox is greatly sympathetic as the ira leader losing control of his daughter and his workers . but the film is stolen acting wise by ken stott as ike , who is just a great scene stealer . the direction and co-writing by jim sheridan ( with the other co-writing credit going to terry george ) is excellent , rounding out the characters well , but not pacing everything greatly . i noticed that the first half was very leisurely ( yet fascinating ) , but the second half whirls by at a quick pace , and ends much too quickly . more time could have been spent thinking up the ending , since it does seem quite sloppy . though " the boxer " is a good film , it never achieves the greatness that it should . sure , it's a masterpiece compared to most of the hollywood drivel we usually get , but on it's own , it just could have been better . but it still works out , gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama , and features great acting . even if it could have been better , this'll do .
[59]	pos	pos	yes	so bad he's asked for an application at starbuck's . actually , the starbuck's thing gets even worse . and worse . you won't fail to like mike , however , played endearingly by jon favreau . swingers revolves around mike's half-hearted and awkward efforts to get back in the social swing of things . to this end he is enthusiastically assisted by his equally underachieving twentysomething actor friends , such as trent ( vince vaughn with the film's most animated performance ) , who has the gift of gab bordering on the disturbing side of motivational speaking , gun-toting sue ( patrick van horn ) , and rob ( ron livingston ) , who once played hamlet but now longs to work as goofy in disneyland , but doesn't succeed because of his lack of " theme park experience . " together they talk about women - how to make eye contact , which involves avoiding it , and when to call so as never to appear desperate , two days being " industry standard . " after talking the talk , they walk the walk , strutting like the cool swingers they aspire to be , always to laughable effect . to get mike out of his funk , his friends persistently convince him to get outside , whether it be to a quickie night trip to a seedy vegas casino or a cutthroat hollywood party with the beautiful people or a 50s swing lounge . everywhere they encourage mike to look for a replacement " honey " and then keep vigil over his progress , or lack of it . like dotty doting parents , mike never leaves their company without being the recipient of their confidence cheerleading ( " you're money , mike , and the honeys know it . " ) or equipped with their eccentric dating philosophies , such as an analogy of flirting with the bear and the bunny . with the unwavering support of friends like these , maybe mike's not doing too badly after all . favreau also doubled as the film's screenwriter , and he proves he has the gift for creating engaging characters and witty banter that goes beyond today's bon mot . there is a reassuring honesty to the friendships , even when it hits its low points and the friends commiserate . when mike gets the gumption to look for love , you will join his cheerleading section as well . swingers is light , unassuming fare , sweet candy you will want to bust your gut with - laughing - again and again .
[60]	pos	pos	yes	. the two actors do what they do best and they are probably the best there are at it . oldman has become typecast as a psychotic sadist and no wonder -- he does it so well . when he engages the teenage first daughter in sensitive conversation about his family and the next minute threatens to blow a hole in her forehead , you know that he's over the edge in the manner that people with a cause can become . you are convinced that young alice could end up terminated at any time . when korshonov executes passengers , there is a frightening reality to it . the guns in this film are deadly weapons , not cartoons . harrison ford has done one role for several years . his mastery of the man in the suit propelled into desperate action is in top form here . marshall is a medal of honor recipient who now has a desk job . realistically , he's a man afraid , but not afraid to act . ford is one of the few actors that could make us believe that the president of the united states could be an action hero . indiana jones in the oval office . he and oldman's archetypes match up perfectly . the other roles also go to accomplished actors . glenn close as the determined but unsure vice-president is the picture of an executive forced into a position that she's not quite ready for . dean stockwell as defense secretary eager for the authority ( " i'm in charge here ! " ) is her political nemesis and turns in a good alexander haig performance . of course the politics are all wrong . a cowboy president ( even down to his name ) with big guns shoots his way through problems . much like the american collective memory of jfk's camelot , the image is wondrous if you don't look too deep . the pulls on the patriotic heartstrings would be too much in any other film , but they work here . no matter what political spin you put on the story , the movie is an outstanding one . i left the theater feeling that there is hope for the country's future : not a common belief nowadays . now if we only can get ford to run for president . just because one actor didn't work out as chief executive doesn't mean that a different one couldn't . ( michael redman has lost count of how many years he's been writing this column -- 21 years . . . 22 years -- while watching the sunflowers outside his window swaying in the cool breezes . )
[61]	pos	pos	yes	susan granger's review of " songcatcher " in the midst of this summer's fare of dinos revisited and romantic fiascoes , there are a few thoughtful movies - and this appalachian period drama is one . oscar nominee janet mcteer ( " tumbleweeds " ) stars as dr . lily penleric , an accomplished musicologist who , back in that pre-feminist era , was refused a full professorship at her university . determined to prove her worth , she ventures deep into the rugged mountains of north carolina , where her younger sister elna ( jane adams ) runs a school . there in bear creek , she discovers a treasure-trove of traditional scots-irish and english folk ballads , given a unique interpretation by the insular locals . excited , she sends for recording equipment and persuades vinie butler ( pat carroll ) and other self-sustaining mountain folk to share their musical heritage on her edison phonograph cylinders . their music , as she puts it , is " as much a part of life here as the air you breathe . " that's the main thrust of writer-director maggie greenwald's occasionally uneven culture-clash story , which is loosely based on olive dame campbell's foray through the blue ridge mountains in 1908 , but there's also some melodramatic romantic spice . ornery , bearded , banjo-picking aidan quinn falls for the statuesque , passionate " songcatcher , " while elna secretly engages in a lesbian relationship with a colleague ( e . katherine kerr ) . i'm ready to buy the soulful soundtrack with vocalists like emmylou harris , iris dement , taj mahal and young opera star emmy rossum who plays a pivotal role as mcteer's wide-eyed prot ? g ? . rated pg-13 , there's an intense scene of primitive childbirth . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " songcatcher " is an intelligent , extraordinary 8 , transported by the transcendent power of song .
[62]	pos	pos	yes	blessing on only one condition : that elizabeth renounce her faith and uphold the teachings of catholicism across the land . once declared queen , elizabeth immediately finds herself under assault , both by her own subjects ( including the duke of norfolk , played with steely-eyed grace by christopher eccleston ) and by forces abroad . slowly but surely , the neophyte ruler takes england by its reigns and forges a new path for her kingdom . elizabeth is surrounded by a keenly drawn cadre of subjects and advisers . her closest ally is the mysterious sir francis walsingham ( geoffrey rush , in a perfectly subtle performance ) . also on her side is sir william cecil ( sir richard attenborough ) , her well-meaning but misguided chief adviser . with few people she can trust , elizabeth must prove her self-worth any way she can , even if it means being the iron-fisted ruler she secretly despises . blanchett deserves an oscar for her performance as elizabeth . she portrays the young queen with just the right balance of gawky self-consciousness and shrewd charisma . though not a classical beauty , blanchett is able to entrance the viewer with just a coy smile or an impish smirk . she is at home with her character's playful tendencies , particularly in one scene where elizabeth dances unabashedly with childhood friend and lover lord robert dudley ( joseph fiennes ) . whether fending off unctuous suitors or " playing " the houses in court , blanchett's elizabeth radiates a confidence which impossible to dislike . almost as interesting as the character of elizabeth are shekhar kapur's visual delights . he and cinematographer remi adefarasin have crafted a film with a rich color palette that is a feast for the eyes . rolling green hills , extravagant ceremonial galas , dark and foreboding corridors -- all are depicted with a real sense of artistic appreciation . the castles and cathedrals of europe have rarely been doted on so lovingly as they are here . though writer michael hirst's script gets a little murky at times , and his injections of humor get a little overplayed , elizabeth pulses with the right amount of dramatic and cinematic verve to make it just deserving of a theatrical viewing . as a whole , the story survives because elizabeth's struggle is one which deserves attention . by the time she makes her shocking ( but very sensible ) final declaration , we're ready to bow to elizabeth as our own queen .
[63]	pos	pos	yes	but neither has had much success . their last bout pitted them against each other and was a draw , leaving bobby's record at 5-5-1 . these two l . a . not-so-wise guys also work for max ( peter falk ) , a mid-level mobster , who is patient and understanding with bobby , but who hates ricky's guts . max has an easy job for bobby ; fly to new york and make a simple delivery to a gangster named ruiz ( a smooth and silky sean combs ) . bobby , because of his lifelong friendship with ricky , pleads with max to give his pal another chance and let him tag along to the big apple . against his better judgment , max agrees . of course ricky , a motormouth who inserts both feet everytime he speaks , nearly screws up everything . while bobby tries to stay calm and professional , ricky begins swaggering and throwing money around as if he was john gotti or tony soprano . the constrast in styles and the chemistry between favreau and vaughn is what makes made so enjoyable to watch . favreau with his hound-dog face and slow-burn personality could be a modern-day oliver hardy , only much wiser . vaughn is like someone vaccinated with a phonograph needle , he just keeps yakking and yakking , unaware of the havoc he creates . yet despite bobby's constant aggravation and agitation with his partner , a bond of affection and loyalty binds them . the contrast between the two friends is interesting to watch . bobby is button-downed , tightly-wound , always waiting for the next shoe -courtesy of ricky - to drop . ricky is mostly oblivious to the problems he creates and is genuinely surprised when he comes under attack for his faux paus . in new york , the two lackeys are like fish out of water , stumbling from one situation to another , trying to keep alive . combs is elegant , cool and low-key menacing as the gangsta they are sent to meet . falk is amusing in his small role , while famke janssen nearly breaks your heart as bobby's lowlife girlfriend . more than anything , made is a movie with heart . it is loud , obnoxious and very talkative . but the cameraderie between bobby and ricky holds the key to its interest . favreau does a commendable job in his directorial debut . he is a player to be watched as he can only improve with experience .
[64]	pos	pos	yes	for a law marshall to come in and clean up the city . due to a misunderstanding , an english sanitary engineer called marshall p . knutt ( jim dale ) is assigned , without knowing it , as the law marshall for stodge city . he arrives at the same time as annie oakley ( angela douglas ) who is seeking revenge for her father , the sheriff's murder . when marshall arrives at stodge city , he soon becomes aware of the misunderstanding and due to his rather limited intellect , he is manipulated by the rumpo kid and always ends up getting things wrong . in the end , there is a head-to-head between rumpo and marshall . with the rumpo's past experience , it would seem that marshall is out of his depth , but using his sanitary skills and learning the ways of the west from annie oakley , he at least stands some chance ! sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground . jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter . other regulars that appear in this movie include charles hawtrey and bernard bresslaw ( in his debut ) as big heap and little heap respectively . big heap is the local indian leader and the crazy casting of hawtrey for this part is very amusing , as is his performance : - he steals every scene he is in even though he does not enter the film until thirty minutes past . joan sims provides useful and amusing support as belle , the local bar owner who takes a fancy to the rumpo kid . however , the part of doc played by peter butterworth and sheriff albert earp played by jon pertwee are not really necessary , and pertwee's performance is rather poor . kenneth williams uses a new voice but struggles with the weak part of the 'judge' . even so , this carry on was sid james and kenneth williams' favourite . a very different carry on film , in that it is played more seriously by the actors and possesses more realism than any other carry on . the death count is the highest of any carry on film . sets , costumes and action sequences are all very commendable . the songs that are included in the movie ( the title song and annie's song ) are very impressive . a strange but therefore very interesting carry on film . not the best of its kind but it is certainly the most distinctive film of the series .
[65]	pos	pos	yes	it's the same story . and sometimes , it works . the wedding singer works . first of all , the chemistry between sandler and barrymore is effective . actually , it's not so much the chemistry between the two as it is each one's own romantic tension . sandler captures the forlorn sleepwalking look of a jilted man , struck with an unattainable love . barrymore is charming as the girl next door looking for someone serious to settle down with . sparks don't fly when they kiss , but they both seem right for each other . second , their love is mature . they are not driven by passionate sexual attraction - they're a cute couple , but neither sandler nor barrymore is centerfold material . instead , they are both looking for someone meaningful , someone to settle down with , someone to grow old with . at a wedding , robbie comforts a kid throwing up in a dumpster while julia sits by . the repulsing situation is taken in stride , as if the two were already parents , caring for their sick child . the ? 80s soundtrack and references play a big part in this movie . other critics liked this movie in part because of the '80s soundtrack . i liked it in spite of the soundtrack . often , the music and references felt forced . for example , robbie tells his ex-fianc ? to " get out of my van halen t-shirt before you jinx the band and they break up . " ( ha ha ha . get it ? david lee roth did leave van halen ! ) or how about when sammy ( allen covert ) , robbie's chauffeur friend , shows up at a party wearing a michael jackson jacket and - get this - a single silver glove . ( that's exactly what mj used to wear all the time ! ) . unfortunately , making fun of generalizations about a past era is too easy to be rewarding . that's not to say the movie isn't funny . screenwriter tim herlihy has written for sandler before ( billy madison and happy gilmore ) , and the two make a good combination . herlihy knows what sort of jokes sandler is good at and has tailored the script to his straight-faced , smart-aleck style . let's hope herlihy and sandler stick together for a few more projects because this movie really won me over . with barrymore's charm and sandler's heart , it was hard to go wrong .
[66]	pos	pos	yes	to the parents trying to figure out the purpose in their own lives using the same methods . " when it's cold outside , the molecules aren't moving . everything is clean . " everything is clean because nobody will admit what's going on . even the president is on tv denying his wrong-doings . how can you expect anything more out of a couple of suburban families riding the coattails of sexual revolution ? all the sex and drugs is so obviously empty , and i think that's the point of the film . at first viewing , the entire movie might seem empty , but then why shouldn't it parallel itself ? you don't get to know the characters very deeply , but i think that's because nobody in the movie knows each other either . we sadly watch two families go about their lives nearly oblivious to one another . at first glance , you might think emotion is lost in the ending scenes because you haven't gotten to know the characters well enough to sympathize - then you realize that just might be the point , and then you do feel the pain . the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood . he doesn't seem to be receiving as much recognition as the others , but i still found him to possess quite a real sense of being . christina ricci is being acclaimed for her part as the misguided teenage temptress who looks for something more to her life in the pants of every available boy . still , i say hats off remain to wood , joan allen's subtle but believable performance as a lonely , unappreciated wife , and the always excellent kevin kline . tobey maguire did a fine job , but his character which , perhaps , was the most intact , sensible person in the story , seemed a little lost . he was needed , but perhaps he should've been used more . the ice storm is being hailed by many as one of the best films of the year . i hate to say that i don't agree , but i don't . in fact , i can think of many other films that i would rank higher than this one . even so , it is a very good film . it takes a lot of retrospect to fully appreciate it's art , but when you finally start seeing things in it that you didn't before , you start to grow even fonder of the characters and the story . perhaps this is one to see , ponder , and then watch again with different eyes .
[67]	pos	pos	yes	a normal guy . it's all work and no play with him . while maurice on the other hand falls madly in love with sarah , and would do anything for her . unfortunately the two break up . this is all witnessed in a serious of flashbacks , so that leads us to the present . it's a few years later , and they both still think of each other , so maurice hires a private detective ( ian hart ) to see what sarah is up too . while this may sound straight forward it's not . it's a deep dark tale of the jealousy that lies in the two men , unhappiness , and the ever lasting love . all this may sound like a drag , but it really captures your interest . with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , she had the most passion for , and you can see why . the story was also well written thanks to neil jordan . even though i didn't read the book , there's no doubt in mind that it was just as moving and descriptive . what's so moving about it you ask ? the tragedy of it all . it's not the typical romance , in which a guy finds a girl , they fall in love and all is well , this is more complicated and depressing . it really shows the complexity of a relationship , because nothing is ever perfect . everyone feels a different way and that is what tears us to pieces . back to neil jordan's script , it wasn't only red roses . there were times when i felt it too be a little slow , but most romances are . it also tended to be a bit confusing , especially at the start . it keep jumping around from past to present , so it obviously took awhile to get a grasp of things . also a notable was the superb direction by neil jordan . i'd have to say this is his finest achievement to date , because quite frankly i've never really found his work to be up to par . it just never did anything for me , until now . when it ends , it leaves viewers a little saddened , but provoked nonetheless . this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore . not for all movie goers , but for those who are film buffs and want something of value .
[68]	pos	pos	yes	, and rush aboard just as the boat is leaving . for them , this is their ticket to america , to a better life . for rose , she is sailing to her doom . the first hour and a half or so of titanic tells the story of how rose dewitt ( kate winslet ) and jack dawson fall in love . it's the classic wrong-side-of-the-tracks story , and does sometimes resort to a few cliches . but as i said above , the love portion isn't sappy and doesn't " weigh the film down " , as some critics have said . it's sweet , and it didn't make me restless at all , despite the fact that i usually hate love stories . of course , it might help that cameron introduces some pretty interesting characters to help keep our eyes glued to the screen . most of these people actually were passengers on the titanic back in 1912 , including the enigmatic molly brown ( played by the talented kathy bates ) , the captain of titanic ( bernard hill ) , and so on . all of these characters add an extra depth to the film , and make it that easier to watch . of course , things really start to get going after the hour and a half mark , where the titanic strikes the iceberg and begins a slow sink to the bottom . the sinking is depicted realisticly , and the effects are truly amazing . it is not told in a heroic fashion sense either , as people are portrayed as panicking , pushing others aside to get on the limited lifeboats , and drowning and dying horrible deaths . the best part of the movie , in my opinion , comes at the very end , when we flash back to the future . the crew , who at first had been skeptical of rose's story , now are totally aborbed by her . rose goes out onto the ship's ledge , and we then learn a secret about her that catches us off guard . we then see a dream of rose's , in which she returns to the titanic and is dancing with jack dawson . most people i talked with after the movie saw this as only a dream . however , i think it symbolized more ; i think it meant that rose had died , and is going to a sort of heaven , which would be the happiest part of her life : her and her one true love , jack . if anyone has seen the movie and would like to voice an opinion about this , e-mail me at venom8@hotmail . com .
[69]	pos	pos	yes	through the camera of the show's omnipotent creator christof ( ed harris ) who oversees the show from a control room built into the man-made moon in seahaven's sky . the second act offers a plethora of clues for truman as to the truth of his existence . his best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) always has a six pack of beer with him . his wife seems to exist in an eternal commercial in which she is always endorsing the latest hot household product . he sees the same people walking in the same set patterns all over town . one wonders why he didn't pick up on any of this earlier , but christof has an answer for this : " people tend to accept the reality with which they're presented . " nevertheless , truman begins to grow restless , and dreams of escape to fiji , where an old college sweetheart ( natasha mcelhone ) supposedly lives . this convincing reality of television as progenitor of reality is a magical and provocative concept ; the best thing jim carrey does is stay out of its way . by underplaying truman , he allows the subtle manipulations of the film to take over . there is a particularly poignant scene in which truman confides his fears to marlon , and marlon answers with best-friend sincerity , " i'd gladly step in front of a bus for you . " but that line was fed to marlon through an earpiece by christof . the abject cruelty to which truman is subjected to hits home - and from that moment , we're on his side . the truman show derives much of its success from playing to our own secret paranoid fantasies - haven't we all , at least once , doubted our place in the world , doubted the sincerity of those closest to us ? ultimately , however , the picture rises above its own artifice to raise some real questions about the relationship of humankind and our creator . what does god really think of us ? does he resent our abandonment of paradise ? who exactly is watching us , up there in the sky ? if you enjoy the picture as much as i did , credit weir for allowing the magic of the screenplay to work . as for carrey - well , truman burbank is the kind of role that jimmy stewart was born to play . carrey is no jimmy stewart ; to his credit , he doesn't try to be . he just tries to feel the way you or i would , if we suddenly found out that the whole world was watching us .
[70]	pos	neg	no	kissing . hmmmmm . when i inquired about the rating on the trailer , a very nice woman at the mpaa quoted from " the handbook " that a trailer approved for all audiences could contain " no homosexuality or lesbianism and no going down on someone . " hello ? i was in the office and it was the middle of the day . bravely , i pursued . " i've seen that trailer , oh . . . probably half a dozen times , " i gulped . . . " and i don't remember that scene . " " well , " she chirped . " it's there . our little eyes are trained to see that . " no really . in the words of dave barry , " i am not making this up . " they are " trained " to " see that ? " when someone who was shocked at the rating the first time and made a note to watch it carefully the following five times or so managed to let it slip past her ? gosh , i certainly don't mean to question the mpaa , or " the handbook " . i would , however , like to suggest that it's they who are in the closet on this one . and the light ain't good in there . but , having seen " the celluloid closet , " and being one of a handful of straight people involved in a primarily gay and lesbian weekly bible study ( email me and i'll give you the details ) , none of this was any big surprise . the point of the movie was that homosexuality , even in the politically correct 90s , is ridiculously perceived as a threat to a mostly heterosexual society . a point well made in this candid and honest film . now , i could go off on the mpaa's ruling that a trailer must contain " no homosexuality or lesbianism " and ask how that is defined , particularly in light of some of the things , both sexual and non-sexual , that i've watched straight people do in trailers . i just don't feel the need to go there , because it seems so obvious . i'll instead suggest that the mpaa re-evaluated their evaluation criteria . let the ratings reflect not subject content , like " sex " and " violence " . let them reflect attitude content . in the future , i'd be interested in knowing whether the movie is rated d for disrespectful or s for stereotyped . then i'd truly be able to make an informed decision about how i spent my time .
[71]	pos	pos	yes	for humans to keep up ? are history and culture falling by the wayside like the old buildings that are being torn down and replaced with new ? this is a question just as applicable to today as it is to patlabor's alternate-1999 setting . as far as the technical aspects of the film go ( referring to the subtitled version , as that's the only one i've seen ) , the film transfer is clear , almost phenomenally so . the animation quality is incredible , though the character design is different from what most patlabor fans will be used to . the oavs and tv series were more cheerful , better-suited to humor ; the movie , however , makes everyone look a great deal less cute , and emphasizes that this is going to be , for the most part , a deadly serious storyline . as far as cinematography goes , there are many interesting moments in _patlabor : the movie_ . i don't think i can recall ever seeing a fish-eye perspective used in any other animated film ( save for _ghost in the shell_ , another oshii film ) , or indeed , in many other movies at all . the cinematography is well-suited to the storyline , emphasizing what it needs to , though a couple of scenes ( where characters' features are exaggerated in anger ) may seem slightly strange to western audiences . the audio track of _patlabor : the movie_ is in glorious hi-fi stereo , and should be used to demonstrate home theater systems--it _is_ that good . even without headphones , sounds from either side of the screen can be clearly heard to _come_ from that side . giant robot footsteps are deep and booming . the sometimes-understated , sometimes-blaring score is crisp and clear , and always right on the mark , enhancing the moods created by the animated scenery . as far as the subtitles go , i have to say that they're among the most easily-readable subtitles i've ever seen for _anything_ . large enough that they don't strain the eyes , but small enough not to conceal too much of the screen . although it does have several action sequences in it , most notably the climactic conclusion , _patlabor_ is foremost not an action movie . although it is a superbly-realized film , it relies in large part upon prior familiarity with some of the characters to carry the story , and that could detract from some people's enjoyment . my .
[72]	pos	pos	yes	okay , let me first say , this is a beavis and butthead movie . if you do not like beavis and butthead , do not go to see this movie ! ! ! ! ! however , if you do like them , i recommened you get out right now and go see it . the movie starts off with the boys wondering what happened to their tv . they notice that it has been stolen and they vow to find it . this wind their way through america searching for dallas ( she is a woman ) . they look for her because as they are searching for the tv , they find a drunk who wants them " to do " his wife . well , of course they think he wants them to score with her when actually he wants them to kill her . and the fun starts their . this movie is a mix of funny gags that anly beavis and butthead could pull off . it is quality entertainment that only fan of beavis and butthead would enjoy . i enjoyed this movie alot because mike judge knew how to keep pace . even when they were crawling through the desert and i thought the movie started to lag , he manages to keep the laughs coming . if you expecting changes from the show keep looking . the same character , the same voices , the same everything from the show and that's what makes it good . you might think with a movie from a tv show , you can change a few things . often times this spells disaster for films because the film makers veer away from what made the show popular in the first place !
[73]	pos	pos	yes	a budget , with the night-club scenes in particular looking pretty good . there's a twisted sense of humour running throughout which ensures that even the darkest scenes get a smirk . the young cast are talented and help bring the story to life . holmes , one of the dawson's creek cast ( a show i'm not particularly fond of ) displays much talent here , and despite her largely limited screen time manages to make a three dimensional character and never becomes a caricature . askew is slightly successful , being rather obnoxious . no doubt the filmmakers intended this to make the audience cheer when what happens to him , but instead of 'funny annoying' he's just annoying . he drags down slightly one of the funniest chapters , but the talent around him in that particular tale more than makes up for it . the real standout is sarah polley as the drug dealing checkout girl : her refreshing and deeply enjoyable performance makes the heavy going stories she is involved in much more entertaining . also entertaining timothy olyphant as the rather sinister drug dealer , who gives an nice evil performance . the script , written john august , is sharp and witty , with good dialogue and some funny jokes . it starts off rather slow however , but in about twenty minutes the script has found it's footing and just keeps getting better . the stories are largely satisfying , although occasionally there's too much attention on one detail but not on another . also , some of the endings seem a little forced and lucky . still , the cast have a meaty script to get into and obviously enjoy it . it could of tried a little harder in some parts however , and these parts lag . because this is a gen-xer movie , the obligatory rave soundtrack must accompany , and go's one is pretty decent . unlike other gen-xers movies , go never allows the music to substitute for plot or dialogue , which is a plus . go is a very easy movie to absorb into , and the audience really starts feeling for these characters . thankfully , they never become two dimensional characters who are bent and twisted throughout the movie to fit into the stories mechanics ( like the heroine in 10 things i hate about you . ) they are who they are and they stay that way . go is great fun , and a worthy follow up from the director of swingers . ignore the fact that it steals from pulp fiction and very bad things , and just sit back and enjoy the rollercoaster ride . erm , go to go , i guess .
[74]	pos	pos	yes	that makes the film truly funny instead of just offensive . plus if you think about it , what planet are you from ? could have very easily gone the gross-out route ( considering that shandling's character is given a detachable penis that vibrates and hums when he gets excited ) . we never see anything though , it's all implied , which gives the film a touch of class amidst its crudeness . i'm glad to see that someone in hollywood still understands the concept of " less is more " . the talented supporting cast certainly adds to one's enjoyment of this film . annette bening ( oddly playing a merged version of her real estate salesman character from american beauty and her ditzy spiritualist character from mars attacks ! ) does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor . she even manages to pull off a potentially disastrous scene where she has to perform a rather goofy rendition of " high hopes " for a lengthy period of time . ben kingsley , john goodman and greg kinnear all fare well in their performances as well , and linda fiorentino . . . good lord , there should be some sort of law stating that no woman can be that sexy . everything about her character in this film oozes raw sexuality . what planet are you from ? is available on dvd from columbia tristar home video . the disc gives you the choice of either watching the film full frame or in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and enhanced for 16x9 televisions . also included on the disc as extras : a decent making-of featurette , an isolated score track , talent files for the cast and crew , and the film's original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for wolf , men in black , bugsy and as good as it gets ) . when i first saw that the disc featured an isolated score track , i actually laughed . how great could the music for a silly little comedy be for it to get it's own isolated track ? well as it turns out , it's a mighty fine score from carter burwell ( fargo , the hudsucker proxy ) that i enjoyed listening to again while i typed up this review . kudos to columbia tristar for adding that feature to the disc . what planet are your from ? was unjustly ignored in theaters , and i hope it finds its deserved audience on home video . this fine dvd is certainly a great way to see it . [r]
[75]	pos	pos	yes	its almost pomegranate red . at another time we follow a young boy as he runs , searching for a hiding spot before finally squeezing into a toilet -- which is already occupied . like so ( citizen kane , fargo , the godfather , the godfather part ii , greed , ) many of the greatest american films , schindler's list plays with the concepts of money , power , and soul . but this is a movie about a man who does the right thing . starkly emotional , and brutally powerful , schindler's list strips away everything on the outset and leaves us ony feelings . the following that it has gained is not suprising -- this is probably , thus far , the best film of the decade . steven spielberg has always been a skilfull filmmaker -- his assured hand churned out both jurassic parks , jaws , the indiana jones films , and e . t . -- but it wasn't until 1993 that we saw what a brilliant man he can be . the product of his genuis is really something to see -- it can bring tears to your eyes just as it uplifts you . throughout , we sense the deep control which he so masterfully spreads . we watch oskar schindler ( liam neeson ) grow from an arrogant , self important man who hires jews only to save money into a moving figure , with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment . the film requires much work , and can be a harrowing experience -- go expecting a quick entertainment and you'll be bitterly dissapointed . it does reward the patient viewer . this is a mature spielberg , and his deft hands shape an absoloute masterpiece . this eqsuisite , beautiful film is a rare gem . it does a good job of summarizing why i love movies . it leaves one breathless , uplifted , and with much to think about . afterwards you can reflect on individual images , visions , and people . laconic , removed , schindler strides through the film a detached prescence who watches all , does much , and leaves feeling as if he could , should , have done more then he did and was able to . the change seems natural -- in the hands of a lesser filmmaker , it would be crude and would cheat the audience . instead we are told a tale , told a story . the film is punishing to watch , yes . but anyone who allows themselves to get involved will experience a miracle , and a genuine masterpiece of a movie .
[76]	pos	pos	yes	sexually frustrated seniors that enter into a pact to lose their virginity by the end of the school year . just how great are their hormones raging ? one of them notes , after watching disney's the little mermaid , that ariel is soooo hot . the four schoolmates are kevin , oz , finch and jim . kevin is the only one with a steady girlfriend , but doesn't want to have sex until the time is just right . but what is the perfect time ? there is just no way to know , and that frightens him . oz is the big jock who decides that the way to score with the girls is to listen to them and to be more sensitive . he joins up with a jazz choir and discovers that getting in touch with his feminine side has some tremendous advantages . finch is the phobic hermit who doesn't stand a chance with any girl . so , he pays someone $200 to start spreading rumors about his prowess . suddenly , girls are lining up to go out with him . but among these friends , it is jim that is the most curious and the most fearful . when he has a chance to romp with a pretty exchange student , his inexperience comes shining through . he has much to learn , and will do anything to seek out this kind of knowledge . this may include watching scrambled porn channels or experimenting with mom's apple pie in a scene that is completely shocking , raunchy , yet unbelievably funny . the one thing that i want to say about this film is that it well deserves its `r' rating . there is stuff in here that is completely gross in the same manner that `there's something about mary' was gloriously ribald . in fact , at first this film received a sinful nc-17 rating before a couple of more cuts finally brought it down to a teen-accessible rating . but i guess after seeing the no-holds-barred coarseness of south park , this seems tame by comparison . teens and anyone who can still remember their acne years are the ones that will laugh hardest . but unlike many teen sex comedies , there is a genuine intelligence at work here . these are four normal boys who have a natural curiosity about sex . their plans of action are thoughtful and they think about the consequences . they know what they want , yet temper it with responsibility . but almost always , it's impossible to know how to fight the invisible monster , and it's these episodes that make `american pie' such a carnal delight to watch .
[77]	pos	pos	yes	drill instructor r . lee ermey . apparently , the solution was found for the perfect man to play a drill instructor in the movies , because ermey depicts his character extremely well and will make you thank whomever that you were never subjected to such horrible situations . private joker gets off on the wrong foot with the sergeant , as does the large bodied private leonard lawrence ( vincent d'onofrio ) , whom is dubbed 'gomer pyle' by sgt . hartman . the film is continually narrated by private joker , in which he explains his visions on what is going on . the entire corps , although repeatedly hammered by sgt . hartman , continues on . private pyle , however , seems to be the rag doll for the drill instructor . he continually absorbs the worst punishment and humiliation , and it basically does not stop . that is , until sgt . hartman comes up with a new plan . he will punish the rest of the soon-to-be-marines for pyle's goof-ups , even after joker was assigned to help him out in the best way he can . pyle then receives punishment from his fellow recruits , and things take a turn for the worst . pyle proves that not everyone is emotionally , physically , and mentally cut out for the life of a marine . after graduation , joker is sent over to the height of the action in order to document the war , which is his service . he is not a member of the infantry , and it is unclear if he will ever actually find himself in combat . when he sets out on a documenting mission , this question becomes very clear from the start . joker joins up with a platoon , along with his hometown friend cowboy ( arliss howard ) , and follows their everyday actions , interviewing and filmming them along the way . he also soon finds himself in a position in which he must fight , or die . again , as in the tradition of vietnam war films , full metal jacket can be debated as to whether it is an anti-war film or not . a few of the more powerful scenes toward the end will leave you to decide . full metal jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in vietnam , as have others in the past . this film , in different ways , also can be viewed as more powerful than others . that , again , is up for debate and depends on your opinion . one thing is for sure , however ; no one ever wants to experience the absolute hell that these soldiers are subjected to . unfortunately , many did .
[78]	pos	pos	yes	oliver stone's latest feature is the last one standing in the long line of biographies of american presidents . it's a three-hour long saga about the life of one of the most hated and misunderstood leaders of the 20th century . stone doesn't hold back anything as he digs deep inside politics and legal maneuvers of the white house . the director holds nixon responsible for everything he has done . at the same time he creates a very human character , a brilliant and tortured man that is caught in the dirty game of politics , which is here pictured as a wild animal . he is simply trying to tame it . but the occasional switch to the raging sky and the clouds swiftly fleeing over the white house as events run ahead of the president's ability to control them . stone doesn't in any way apologize for nixon . he blames not only nixon's own character flaws but also the imperial presidency itself , the system that , once set in motion , behaves with a mindlessness of its own . " nixon " is a modern shakespeare story - a saga about a ruler destroyed by his fatal flaws . there's something almost majestic about the process : as nixon goes down in this film , there is no gloating , but a watery sigh , as of a great ship sinking . sir anthony hopkins is staggering and plays nixon with incredible honesty and understanding , creating a very emotional picture of the 37th american president . joan allen's magnificent and captivating performance is certainly worth an oscar statuette . she is strong and loyal as mrs . nixon . the rest of the cast is equally magnificent , including : james woods , j . t . walsh , paul sorvino , ed harris and bob hoskins . everyone does a serious and demanding job , no one are disappointing . stone never loses focus and his direction is steddy , honest and determined . he is displaying the historical facts and at the same time concentrating at the human element . at times he is showing to black and white showing flashbacks from nixon's youth and childhood . the flashy editing by brian berdan and frank corwin , robert richardson's rich cinematography and john williams' musical score create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere . the film's only fault is that it's a bit tiering and overloaded with too much political material and legal maneuvers . still it's an honest and captivating - a solid piece of movie making .
[79]	pos	pos	yes	`sleepy hollow' is a fun horror film . as with virtually all burton movies , we are treated to a wonderful score by composer danny elfman , who has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospheric soundtrack that accentuates the gothic mood perfectly . the horseman f/x are stylish and impressive , particularly in perfectly blended battle sequences involving actual actors . but why did i enjoy `sleepy hollow' as much as i did ? although enjoyable , it was not the numerous beheadings and the plentiful gore that spurted left and right . . it was the light comic touch that burton applied . the film has the sweetness of a candy apple , usually channeled through depp's wonderful performance as the lovable geek ichabod crane , who is no longer a mild-mannered school teacher but still attains his cowardly qualities . this is certainly not the only alteration that's been made . as the film progresses , it becomes apparent that walker is more concerned with the mystery of the murders than the murders themselves . the momentum is slowed considerably once crane begins piecing the mystery together , because for the audience , it's not an issue we particularly wish to be solved . it's more effective for the headless horseman to be an elusive demon than an elusive demon with an ulterior motive . still , we are still captivated by the breathtaking technical detail and burton's keen eye to capture our attention . the costuming is exceptional , and the dialogue is crisp and effective throughout ( it's recognizable that the script was refined by award-winning playwright tom stoppard ) . the supporting cast exhibits more color and playfulness than many . a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent . walken , michael gough ( who appeared in burton's `batman' films ) and miranda richardson are all enjoyable in tackling their separate roles . i suppose the strengths behind `sleepy hollow' lie within the central trio : director burton , constable depp and the headless horseman who hunts him down with ruthless accuracy . all of this is not to be taken seriously , of course . `sleepy hollow' is a lavish , frightening and altogether amusing reworking of a classic tale that many people cherished as children . if you've got a decent head on your shoulders , you'll have the good sense to gallop off to the theater and enjoy it one last time .
[80]	pos	pos	yes	kids thrown in for good measure ? yuck . but it's not really too bad . it has a lot working against it , for me at least . in addition to the above , it is typical of a lot of recent movies in that it is really just a glorified made-for-tv movie , but longer and with bigger stars , and you have to pay to see it . it does win you over , though , even if it is painfully predictable . just think about it : two single parents , with their cute kids , are thrown together due to a missed field trip . through a day of near disasters , they cont inually meet , get in one another's way , cause trouble for one another , and generally insult one another at every opportunity . in fact , they hate each other so much that we know that they are , or soon will be , in love . the only people who hate each other more than lovers are married couples . so this film is predictable , just as the screwball comedies of the classical hollywood cinema were predictable ( and the screwball genre is obviously hoffman's model for this film ) . will they get fired from their yuppie jobs ? will they make the big soccer game that is so important to their kids ? will pfeiffer realize what a jerk her ex-husband , a drummer for bruce springsteen , really is ( aren't they all ? ) ? will they finally kiss ? well , what do you expect ? but there is a certain amount of satisfaction in having our expectations fulfilled , especially when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticky sentimentality , as it is in this film . pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistry together that is surprisingly charming , and the kids are neither shoved into the background nor allowed to steal the show . one word of caution , though . this film is being billed in some places as a " family " movie . don't let that stop you . however , i think most kids , especially boys , would be pretty bored by this move . after all , nobody gets killed and there are no explosions . all in all , a good , non-offensive date movie . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[81]	pos	pos	yes	involving supporting actress daisy ( heather graham ) removing her blouse . bowfinger takes it's sweet time getting started , but when the plot switches into high gear , great things happen . certain scenes are so precisely executed , perfectly framing moments that are absolutely fall-down funny . no , hilarious . standouts include the chase through a parking garage in which ramsey , who's supposed to be being followed , keeps checking behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise ( it's actually bowfinger's dog in high heels ) . and just try not to laugh in the climactic kung-fu sequence , featuring jiff in an excerpt from another bowfinger classic entitled fake purse ninjas . while the entire 97-minutes of bowfinger isn't always on target , individual scenes may have you rolling in the aisles . masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin's sharp-edged script . however , the real on-screen star is eddie murphy . this is the actor's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80's . murphy excels at every corner , not only succeeding with presenting believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey , but in creating a likable buffoon in jiff as well . these three talented comic minds have squeezed every morsel of potential out of this premise , and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs . steve martin generates the power behind bowfinger , but murphy fuels it . this is a summer-time comedy that , unlike something such as american pie and south park , doesn't break any rules . but it's still just as uproarious , or perhaps even more side-splitting than anything we've seen this season . the supporting cast , including christine baranski as a work-loving actress and jamie kennedy as the cameraman , all perform well within their limits . the only presence that demands real attention when placed next to martin or murphy is the beautiful heather graham , as the young film star who has plans to sleep her way to the top . graham , attempting to further her stardom after appearing as the new powers' girl in ap2 , displays a cheerful but naive persona that nicely corresponds with the wackiness of the screenplay . i wouldn't be caught dead buying a ticket for chubby rain , but watching how it all came about is certainly entertaining enough .
[82]	pos	pos	yes	up the coffee shop , unknowing of what lies ahead . after this , the film focuses for some time on vincent and jules and their hit man lifestyle . utilizing the films unforgettable dialogue , the two men discuss such things as hamburgers and foot massages before they bust into an apartment to terrorize the occupants . the two men were sent to the apartment to recover a mysterious briefcase for their boss , marsellus wallace . after basically toying with the men , especially the unfortunate brett ( frank whaley ) , vincent and jules complete their mission and recover the briefcase . this is not before a man jumps out from a bathroom with a . 357 " hand cannon " , shooting at the two gangsters . he somehow completely misses them , leading jules to cite divine intervention . this is also the basis for more of the now-famous tarantino dialogue . the film then shifts to focus on boxer butch coolidge and his boxing escapades . butch was ordered to take a fall in his latest fight , but when he does not , marsellus vows to find him , wherever he is , and make sure that butch is not able to enjoy his new fortune . vincent , meanwhile , has the honor of taking marsellus' wife , mia , out on a date while the big man is out of town . vincent , obviously , is rather nervous about this , especially after hearing the tale about a man who was thrown out of a window for supposedly giving mia a foot massage . after their date , which seems to rather smoothly , things take a turn for the worst at the hands of vincent's high-priced heroin , dubbed a " monster " by lance . each story continually progresses , and new and amazing events occur . eventually , the stories all meet each other in the end , with pumpkin and honey bunny holding up the restaurant , which happens to contain both vincent and jules . pulp fiction is definitely one of the best films of the decade , and possibly of all-time . along with its superb dialogue , action , writing , directing , and acting , this film will not only latch onto you , but it proves that it does not want to release you until it has sunk its claws completely into you . and with most fans of this movie , this is proved to be a rather easy task , although at times the graphic images , violence , and language may seem a bit overpowering . surely , quentin tarantino's fame was greatly escalated by this film , and he proves not to be one who will fade from existence very soon .
[83]	pos	neg	no	. if you are confused by something , do not worry because it will all become clear later on but , and i cannot stress this enough , pay attention ! ! ! unlike most summer movies , the dialogue is twice as important as the effects . miss one vital piece of information and , like most people who talk during movies , you will go home and tell all your friends how this movie made no sense . also , to those people who need to go to the bathroom during movies . . . don't ! the person who watched the movie with me had to go twice and twice she missed an important conversation . there is no time to take a breather between scenes because , again unlike most summer movies ( godzilla anybody ? ) the x-files does not need to fill scenes between the suspense and the action with useless subplots , every scene is crucial and serves a purpose . who needs to see the blond chiouaoua have a " big emotional scene " between godzilla attacks ? so far this summer i have seen only one movie who ranks higher on my list of movies i'd recommend and that is the truman show but it only wins by a nose . but the truman show is not what i would call a summer movie , the x-files is . what more do you ask from a summer movie other than the chance to be excited ? cool effects ? it's good some . pulse pounding ? hell yes ! strangely enough , i think that fans of the series will hate this movie while non-fans will have a good time . it does not provide answers to the show's many questions , the status quo remains nearly the same and , no , mulder and scully do not get together . rating : four and a half out of five stars for the best movie yet this summer , several jump right out of your seat thrills , many " whoah , i never saw that one coming ! " moments , four " holy shit , where the hell did that come from " and one heck of an ending . you may wonder where this movie lost half a star . well , i swore never to give a movie the full five stars so i had to find something about the in his ice truck , the tracks it leaves in the snow behind him go on for several miles but then they just stop . it's pretty obvious the film's makers drove the truck for several miles to give the appearance that mulder had been driving for a long time , but in the end it looks like mulder just dropped from the sky and started driving .
[84]	pos	pos	yes	i know it already opened in december , but i finally got around to seeing rushmore last weekend , and it was one of those rare oppritunites that i got to leave the theatre feeling proud about paying the expensive ticket price . as the final scene closed out in happy slow-mo fashion , i felt happy to have been priveleged enough to watch such a good display of filmmaking . jason schwartzman , his face oddly intriguing behind those large braces and glasses , steals the show as max fischer , the most well known rushmore academy student who gets terrible grades , but compensates for it by organizing most of the school's clubs and organizations ( i . e . the fencing team and writing and producing school plays ) and often pulling outrageous stunts , one that eventually earns him an expulsion . this stunt , building an aquarium on the school's baseball diamond , is a plot to steal the heart of widowed elementary teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) . he funds this aquarium with the help of millionare herman blume ( a very oscarworthy bill murray ) , who eventually finds himself falling in love with miss cross . rosemary and herman begin dating-and the fun begins ; herman and max go at it head to head in a battle for miss cross . herman manages to destroy max's bike , while max cuts herman's brakes , and it goes on like this . but eventually max realizes he is too young for miss cross , and he can't stand in the way of two people in love . the academy of arts & sciences really messed up this year ; they completely overlooked rushmore ( and , if you ask me , it wasn't an accident ) . it maybe wasn't best picture material , but it certainly deserved a screenplay nod ( instead of elizabeth ) , and bill murray's absense from the ballot is a complete snub . the entire mood of the film is one reason it is so good ; at one point it's fun , and the next scene can turn serious and dramatic . the cinematography gives the movie an important feeling , as well . i hope rushmore can overcome its' oscar snubs , and be enjoyed by intelligent film goers .
[85]	pos	neg	no	conductor who stayed on in germany when the nazis took power and became the most popular conductor of the third reich . maj . steve arnold ( played by harvey keitel ) has been assigned by his superiors to investigate wilhelm furtwangler ( stellan skarsgard ) , perhaps europe's greatest classical music conductor . when other artists fled germany , furtwangler remained behind and conducted for the hitler and his henchmen . after the war is over arnold assigned to interview furtwangler and members of his orchestra and if appropriate to prosecute him for war crimes . he secretly is told by his commanding officer to find furtwangler guilty . from there we follow him and learn a little about arnold and something about furtwangler and his orchestra . as he interviews members of the wartime orchestra arnold starts noticing odd peculiarities that may or may not point to a conspiracy against his investigation . there is a certain sameness to the responses that he is getting . perhaps any cooperation he is getting has been in some ways managed . if so , perhaps he can never come to the truth . in large part the film is about mind games that arnold uses to manipulate his interviewees and especially furtwangler . where the script has problems is that in the end it is so ambiguous . it has no obvious resolution and not much of a final act . when it is over whether anything has been established is open to interpretation . perhaps that is better than so many films that make it all to obvious what the audience should believe , but it is like watching a murder mystery and never finding out who the killer is . we are given clues to something but they are never tied up . in the end we just know more about both arnold and furtwangler . the film is basically a stage play . the visual is not very important . corners are cut visually including touches like filling windows with photographs to avoid having to shoot on location . as with a stage play , what this film centers on the dialog , and that is intriguing . i rate the film an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale . [there is one piece of sloppiness few people but me would notice . at one point we clearly see arnold's desk calendar say " jan 16 tues . " a quick mental calculation told me that combination could occur in 1945 and then not again until 1951 . the events had to take place in 1946 or 1947 . a possible date could be obtained from any world almanac . ]
[86]	pos	pos	yes	the inside of gattaca , and the sole clue they find at the crime scene -- one of vincent's eyelashes -- threatens to blow vincent's cover and derail his goal . even if " gattaca " were dramatically empty , it would still boast a sublime set of production credentials -- the film's look is dazzling without ever being flashy . first-time director/writer andrew niccol ( he also wrote the screenplay for the upcoming jim carrey drama " the truman show " ) demonstrates a keen eye for the stylish ; his collaboration with cinematographer slawomir idziak , production designer jan roelfs and costume designer colleen atwood result in a sophisticated composition that emanates classy , retro ambiance . an opening credits sequence -- where skin , nail and hair fragments fall in slow-motion through a colored camera lens -- displays these combined talents uncannily . niccol even utilizes voice-over narration ( a device almost always poorly-employed ) in an effective way . when it comes to acting , the movie is also flawless . ethan hawke does magnificent work , proving his ability to carry a film and reaffirming his enormously high charisma level . his chemistry with thurman is a bit on the icy side , but needfully so , adding to the setting's clinical chill . as the bitter jerome , jude law has a star-making presence , and it's his scenes with hawke that give the movie its fine emotional core . in " gattaca " 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful . things get a little strange as the movie nears its climax , when vincent's relationship with his brother comes back into view . the big dramatic culmination is a swim race , which is somewhat silly albeit beautifully photographed . still , the single most surprising aspect of gattaca is its use of backdrop -- it's successful sci-fi without showy special effects , it's a crisp thriller with character-driven thrills , it's a futuristic fable without blood and guts . even its murder mystery is relegated to a secondary subplot , ensuring that a smart story about smart people and smart science takes center stage . although it's portrayal of the upcoming century is grim , " gattaca " serves up one of the most thought-provoking societal forecasts ever depicted on film .
[87]	pos	pos	yes	there was a huge crowd - so many over 100 people could not be admitted - at a premiere screening of " the nephew " ( first screening with a major general audience admittance ) . this was a movie premiere at the santa barbara international film festival . pierce brosnan ( 007 ) , produced his first movie with beau st . clair . it was a constantly mind-moving and personal movie with lovely scenes of ireland . chad ( hill harper , beloved ) is a cute 17 year old mixed race ( african american and irish ) nephew , who's irish mother died . he comes " back to ireland " , living with the curmudgeon uncle , tony egan ( donal mccann ) . he meets pierce brosnan's character , mr . o'brady ( or just brady ) , because he falls in love with the beautiful daughter . there are many scenes ( ah , character scenes ) to laugh at , others pull some tears . the three mentioned above were at the premiere in the flesh , with the director eugene brady . after the movie they took questions . the movie was very good , it not fantastic . the nephew has not been " picked up " in north america but has been in the rest of the world . the nephew is generation secrecy of a " titanic " proportion . let's hope the rest of america will be able to see the nephew . contact given in the program guide : " print source : irish dream source , inc . , tel : ( 310 ) 449-3411 "
[88]	pos	pos	yes	from which cool cover art could have been extracted . additionally , notifying the viewer that this is in fact murnau's film seems like afterthought since his name and the genuine title are written in small print below our goateed vampire . that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself . the original elements are not in the best condition--non-studio silents were unlucky in their preservation-- so we're still dealing with a slightly washed out , scratched , jittering image . but at least the day and night scenes are tinted sepia and blue , respectively , especially helpful to an audience who may question nosferatu's waltzing around during what seems like sunlight ( it took a lot of light to expose stock in the twenties ) . the title cards have been redone , and they are legible , accurate , and digitally altered to flicker--a very nice touch . ( even the opening copyright warning flickers ! ) the score has been replaced by music from type o negative , a hard-rock group , arguably gothic , and their songs underscore the film nicely-- certainly the coolest video a band can ask for . when our hero , hutter , first steps onto the doomed carriage to count orlock's castle , we hear a well-timed " now you're dead ! " from lead singer peter steele . david carradine makes an appropriately vampiric host ; he fiddles with a blade and cane while introducing the film . after the feature , which runs about 63 minutes , is included a new music video from type o negative , the black-and-white fang-fest " black no . 1 " . of course , " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " is the main attraction , and while my latest viewing raised questions ( why is the woman called emily in the title cards but " mina " --as bram stoker called her--in hutter's letters ? , for instance ) , it made me realize how much this movie has inspired and been stolen from . coppola's 1992 " bram stoker's dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau's masterpiece , but the one thing it couldn't thieve was the original's abstract charms . this latest incarnation from arrow will probably- -like the rescored " metropolis " a few years back--turn a silent film into more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of film freaks .
[89]	pos	pos	yes	dialogue and action to tell his story , and in " lost highway " it works perfectly . there are scenes when the camera lingers on fred's blank expression as he drifts uncomfortably down a hallway , or on his pained face in his prison cell while the haunting strains of this mortal coil's " song to the siren " can be heard faintly in the background ; nothing is technically " happening " in these scenes , yet they present a vivid picture of a man losing his grip just as effective as , if not more so than , the hysterical screaming found in most movie presentations of insanity . lynch's direction and director of photography pete deming's darkly lit cinematography serve to create a nearly suffocating atmosphere of tension and fear that are exactly what is needed for this story . well , most of the time , anyway - i have to admit that i was a bit bored at times during the section of the film with pete dayton as the protgaonist , which is less inherently interesting and mostly keeps the viewer's attention because of its tie-ins to the original mystery . the main characters in this " reality " - dayton ( a well-meaning but none too intelligent 24-year-old ) , a sleazy gangster ( who for some reason has two names but otherwise is pretty much a stock character ) , and his porn-star girlfriend ( the blond arquette ) - are nothing you couldn't find in any of the two dozen " pulp fiction " wannabes ; fortunately , the reappearance of the mystery man as well as some other typically lynchian elements , such as the strained , awkward conversations between pete and his parents , help to preserve the film's spooky , unnerving tone during this stretch . lynch's typically graphic and disturbing portrayals of fringe sexuality , while relevant to the themes of jealousy and adultery , are also somewhat overdone here . it's not exactly exploitative - like almost everything else in this film , the sex is thoroughly weird and creepy and is unlikely to provide any cheap lurid thrills - as much as it is unnecessary and frankly kind of dumb by the seventh or eighth time arquette takes her clothes off . that said , these minor flaws don't prevent " lost highway " from attaining its place as one of the darkest , most unsettling films to hit the screens in recent years . it is a one-way ride down the lost highway of a disturbed mind , and as such it is gripping , intense , and brilliantly effective .
[90]	pos	pos	yes	melvin udall is a heartless man . he spends his days inside of his spacious manhattan apartment writing romance novels . it also seems that melvin will never change . one day he dines ar his favorite restaurant , and is a little too mean to his normal waitress ( the only waittress that will serve him ) , carol ( played to perfection by a lovely and sexy helen hunt . ) she threatens not to serve him if he doesn't shut up about her asthmatic son . he does shut up . to make matters considerably worse , melvin has obsessive compulsive disorder . one day his gay artist neighbor simon ( greg kinear , of talk soup fame , in an oscar-worthy role ) 's dog threatens to dismiss himself at melvon's door . the dog meets the garbage chute . soon simon is sadly beaten by thieveing burglars , and ray ( cuba gooding , jr . ) , simon's agent , takes the dog , verdell , to melvin , so that melvin can dogsit him . and through the dog and a rather heartwrenching car trip that involves simon , carol , and himself , melvin learns to emerge from his cantakerous shell . jack nicholson gives yet another oscar-caliber performance as the film's cynical lead , and is back at work , not playing a goofy u . s . president or a comic book villian , but instead playing jack nicjolson , and playing him full force . all of this adds up to this year's funniest comedy , a creative , witty , and scathing film from james l . brooks , and brooks gets award-worthy performances from the entire cast . a winner in every aspect , and a truly delicious slice of cyncial life .
[91]	pos	pos	yes	. a sequence involving one character's death is filled with all the edgy disjointment that the film needs . and the final shot is shot perfectly , creating an image of a car crash , and a couple having sex in front of it , despite the fact that she's wounded . the acting is also pretty good , especially for what is almost a porn ( ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porn ) . while james spader is pretty boring ( he's usually pretty intense ) , deborah kara ungar is amazing . she speaks all her words in almost zombie-like hushes , and when she's having sex , she has a blank look on her face , not showing the viewer whether she's enjoying it or not . in one scene , she actually looks dead while someone is having sex with her . holly hunter , who gets extra credit just for appearing in something like this , is pretty good , and so is rosanna arquette ( who adds a kinda cool kinkiness to her role ) . but the film is stolen by elias kosteas who plays his character so intensely that he almost upstages everyone . he often speaks as he is out of breath , showing a definite affinity for his way of life . he has a great deal of energy in several scenes , especially one scene where he's taking photographs of a picture , and a later scene where he's getting a freaky tatoo . he and spader share sexual chemistry in several scenes , foreshadowing a later scene . kosteas is a little known actor ( his biggest role was casey jones in " teenage mutant ninja turtles " ) , but here he shows a deniro-like presence , hinting that he's capable of bigger roles . while i hardly enjoyed " crash , " it's still a pretty intriguing portrayal of a group of people who , if the exist , are some of the strangest and most bizarre people in the world . these people are able to share a rush between two completely different entities , and the film , which doesn't exactly pain them in a negative light , is sucessful in bringing them to light , even if it leaves the viewer unnerved and generally freaked out . despite the hardcore nature of the film and the subsequent nc-17 rating ( there's also an r-rated version , but i wouldn't even go near that thing ) , anyone looking for a quick turn-on should just rent a regular porno .
[92]	pos	pos	yes	the first thing you notice about this movie is that it's cold . placed in minnesota and north dakota during the winter , many of the scenes take place outside with long scenes of snow-covered ground against a background of white . just what we need as bloomington struggles out of the endless long cold night . as with most coen brothers films , this features outlandish characters in nefarious schemes , each of which works out in the oddest way possible . a car salesman hires a couple of hoods to kidnap his wife so that he can collect the ransom from her father . along the way everything that can possibly go wrong does . in brief scenes of vicious violence , people get shot through the head , in the back , face , chest and various other areas of the anatomy . there is also one of the most unpleasant body disposal scenes yet seen on the screen . remarkably enough , most of the movie is played for laughs . even more remarkably , it works . the only likable person in the film is the very pregnant sheriff ( frances mcdormand ) who hunts down the killers while eating at every possible opportunity . with every good film the audience gains new knowledge . here you learn _two_ things . everyone in minnesota speaks in an annoying whining accent that would drive you crazy . and don't do violent illegal business with low-life amoral degenerate scum-sucking losers . oh yeah , if you get shot in the face , using a brightly decorated napkin to stop the bleeding just makes you look goofy .
[93]	pos	pos	yes	with martin sheen's showing , since i hadn't taken him too seriously as an actor over the past few years . his character is definitely over-the-top in this film , but i appreciated his fervor , his rage , his ultimate and blind desire to win above all . a great example of a workaholic man who cannot see the trees from the forest . i did have a few reservations about the movie though . first of all , what was with all of the gangsta hip-hop music used in pretty much every other scene transition ? it was cute at first , but became a little too obvious and annoying after a few times . the film was also edited pretty choppily . . . like some scenes were cut out and no one " cleaned it up " afterwards . i also didn't like the fact that hartnett's character , the man behind much of the nastiness that goes down in this film , was infallible . in other words , pretty much everything he says or asks of someone , happens automatically and without any goofups . i mean , i know the guy is smart and all , but i would have appreciated a little more " realism " under some of the circumstances . but overall , the movie will devastate you . it's not a " fun date movie " . it's not a movie about the high school basketball team and how its black star falls for the white girl from the other side of the tracks . it's about jealousy , love , envy , fury , passion , revenge and pretty much any other negative thought that's ever passed through your head . is it worth seeing ? oh , most definitely ! ( pun intended ) it's a moving picture with great performances , no shakespearian speak ( thank you , god ! ) and an outstanding directorial job by nelson . the final scene alone is enough to send a massive chill down your spine , and i was especially impressed with the director's choice of music near the end . in fact , the whole sequence was quite reminiscent of the final showdown scene from taxi driver , and i guess that's saying something right there . where's joblo coming from ? 10 things i hate about you ( 7/10 ) - election ( 7/10 ) - hamlet ( 6/10 ) - love's labor's lost ( 8/10 ) - natural born killers ( 9/10 ) - save the last dance ( 7/10 ) - shakespeare in love ( 5/10 )
[94]	pos	neg	no	defending your life is an imaginative vision of the afterlife from the twisted mind of writer-director albert brooks , who also stars in the comedy . after dying in a car crash , on his birthday of all days , brooks wakes up in judgement city , a satirical rendition of purgatory where higher beings evaluate the lives of newly deceased earthlings . brooks has five days to convince two judges that he's worthy of passing on to higher plains of existence . enter rip torn as the slick lawyer who defends brooks in court against prosecutor lee grant . during his " trial , " brooks must view episodes of his life on a movie screen , and these scenes are both hysterically funny and painfully poignant . it's impossible to resist chuckling ( and cringing ) at brooks as he and torn try to explain away his cowardly behavior on earth . torn , in particular , is in vintage comic form , and he walks away with the picture . the movie also features meryl streep , appealing as the love-interest , and shirley maclaine , who pops up in a hilarious cameo . while the film is uneven , many of its gags are price less . take , for example , the food in judgement city : it's always the most delicious you've ever tasted . . . and it's also calorie-free--so chow down !
[95]	pos	pos	yes	case , zero reluctantly crawls out of his shell . however , this is when he is vulnerable . . . and this time he falls for charms of a wily paramedic , gloria sullivan ( kim dickens ) , who may be involved in the blackmail scheme . for the first time , zero has to question his own objectivity , as he finds his client less and less sympathetic . zero effect is weakest in its obviously " wacky " scenes depicting daryl zero's odd behavior . such scenes might be appropriate in an out-and-out satire , making zero an ace ventura-ish character . however , there's a much meatier movie in here . . . it just takes a while to get out . that's not to say that there's not a place for humor in this film . in fact , some of the best scenes are ben stiller's wonderfully underplayed comic moments of absolute disgust and frustration with his employer . however , the over-the-top scenes never quite gel with the rest of the film , and they aren't funny enough to stand on their own . once the investigation is underway , however , zero's brilliance really begins to shine . his lightning quick inferences are as fascinating as many of sherlock's own . as the mystery begins to unfold , zero's deductions lead the plot in interesting directions , but never lose the viewer . zero effect works well during its romantic scenes as well . zero's relationship with gloria is low-key , but it hits all the right notes . however , we are always kept distant from gloria's character . she's given plenty of development , but we never understand what she is thinking . perhaps that may be intentional : to place the audience in zero's zone of detachment . but , on the whole , it is frustrating . bill pullman , when he's not spacing out , creates a vibrant character in daryl zero . there's one moment when zero briefly connects to the world which he has managed to detach from for many years , and it is shockingly moving . . . expressing a seriousness that heretofore was unassociated with the character , but one which fits in well . and , although it is sometimes hard to take a detective called " zero " seriously , it is at this moment that the viewer understands the meaning behind the name . although zero effect is a bit awkward in places , it is a strong debut for kasdan , and shows great promise .
[96]	pos	pos	yes	eccentric millionaire who , though needing to kill people to live , is visiting earth for far from selfish reasons . his race is dying of a mysterious blood disease and he desperately is trying to find a cure , the key of which lies in the blood of humans . he visits and soon puts under his spell the respected blood physician dr . rochelle , whom he hypnotises into doing secret research on his behalf . he also has the doctor convince smart and sexy nurse amanda ( elizabeth barondes ) to move in with johnson as his private nurse so as to give him the blood transfusions which he constantly requires . but before long , amanda and johnson's sleazy chauffeur release that johnson is a lot more than just eccentric . i must admit , my first glimpse of the video cover for not of this earth was not encouraging . british actor michael york has appeared in some real stinkers in past few decades , a far cry from the quality fare of his younger days such as caberat ( 1972 ) . but his performance here as an alien in human disguise is nothing short of outstanding . the weird twitches and bizarre modes of speech , the dapper clothes and cool spectacles , the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character . york is by turns hilarious , menacing and tragic . this is a tour-de-force and quite simply the best performance i've seen from him . and while obviously made on a modest budget , the film boasts enormous strengths . the casting is spot on , the acting is terrific and the script is intelligent , witty and consistently engaging , cleverly updating the original . the balance of horror and humour is just about perfect , a marked contrast to the earlier remake from 1988 . the film doesn't drag for a second of its 90 minute running time thanks to tight editing and the sure hand of little-known director terrance h . winkless . and it doesn't matter one bit that the special effects are cheesy - this is schlock after all , even if it is high class schlock . in fact my only criticism of the film is that things get a tad weak towards the end . tighter direction could have given the climax more urgency and a few of the characters act rather illogically given their life-threatening situation . but these are minor complaints . just see it . not of this earth is one of the biggest sci-fi surprises in years . and michael york : in one cool swoop you've made yourself a b-movie legend , dude .
[97]	pos	pos	yes	who teams , again , with lee to put down the bad guys . when he is unceremoniously pulled from his vacation to help his colleague and friend with the big case , he still looks to have some fun . when lee goes into a karaoke bar , the lair of chief bad guy ricky tan ( john lone ) and his hoods , carter takes the spotlight on stage with a credible michael jackson riff . the comedian made the move from the improv stage to the big screen and , with jackie chan , has a franchise to hang his coat on to pay the bills . the combo of chan's flying feet and fists with tucker's fast mouth make a duet more endearing than riggs and murtaugh in the " lethal weapon " films . the supporting cast is here to move things along efficiently . john lone , as ricky tan , is a suave villain who is the real power behind the throne of american bigwig steven reign ( alan king in a walk through performance ) . lone doesn't chew scenery or make pronouncements to " get lee and carter , " but gives the chief bad guy elegance . zhang zi-yi ( " crouching tiger , hidden dragon " ) continues to display her martial arts skills as ricky's taciturn henchlady , hu li , who carries on an ongoing battle with carter . ( carter has a problem , through most of the film , with hitting a woman , but this falls aside with their eventual one-on-one melee at the conclusion . ) roselyn sanchez is knockdown gorgeous ( and resembles sandra bullock ) as undercover agent isabella molina - she doesn't add much to the equation but is terrific to watch . director ratner and the original " rush hour " production team have assembled a crew of skilled craftsmen to work behind the camera . cinematographer matthew f . leonetti has had a long career of shooting action flicks and gives " rh2 " the fluid camera movement the genre film needs . production design by terrence marsh spans continents and gives the right look , whether it is in a hong kong karaoke bar or a high stakes las vegas casino . the rest of the techs are of the same high quality . i'm surprised to even say that " rush hour 2 " is the most entertaining of the summer blockbuster movies . it takes the best of the first film and kicks jurassic dino butt in its fun , frolic and fast pace and is the best mainstream thing out , so far , this summer . i give it a b .
[98]	pos	neg	no	the story of priam and hecuba . part of his monologue is overlaid with a visual enactment of the story ( with sir john gielgud and judi dench ) , but this is most unfortunate , for it robs heston of some of the attention which he deserves at this time . his off-camera speaking , while gripping , sort of downplays the scene to a narration done by any other well-voiced actor . i wish branagh had chosen to allow us to envision in our own minds the scene which heston lays out , and let the venerable actor have the attention . unfortunately , there were some casting choices which led to poor distractions . jack lemmon , an excellent actor , just can't do shakespeare . as marcellus , the guard who sees the elder hamlet's ghost , lemmon sadly underperforms and is shown up left and right by those around him . gerard depardieu , another talented actor , is wasted when given little more than the utterances of " yes , my lord " and " no , my lord " in the role of reynaldo . richard attenborough has a ( literally ) walk-on role , showing up at the eleventh hour as the english ambassador . i think he had two lines . then there is rufus sewell as fortinbras of norway . when i went to see dangerous beauty earlier this year , two ladies behind me kept commenting about how handsome he was . if bulging eyes are your idea of handsome , well i guess comic actor marty feldman was some kind of sex symbol to you . hamlet is a complicated tale of treachery and revenge in which triumph and defeat become one . branagh attempts to help us out with some of the intricacies by visually representing some of the more elusive stretches of dialogue by presenting them as flashback-type images . this only works about half the time , and i wonder if it would have been just as well to do without them . you don't have to be some kind of genius to appreciate shakespeare , but it is quite difficult to understand unless you have the time to read or hear it carefully and repeatedly . the alternate method of comprehension is that with which most of us are familiar , the high school english course . in it , you are hopefully fortunate enough to have an educator willing to help you with the plot points and nuances essential to understanding a play written in the rigmarole known as the king's english . or i suppose you could just read the cliff notes .
[99]	pos	pos	yes	their father can't deal with their mother's problems . one daughter says , " he's blind and she's crazy . " the other answers , " they're perfect for each other . " it reaches the breaking point when the older girl ( locane ) and a boy , the co's son ( o'donnell ) see her mother and the co making love in an abandoned shed . she forces her mother to tell hank and get it all out into the open . hank returns home and finds his wife in the middle of a musical put on by the military wives , including the co's wife ( snodgress ) . he confronts the c . o . but not about carly . he is upset over the coverup surrounding the accident during the testing . a fight breaks out between the two when the co accuses hank of not being able to satisfy his wife . hank is arrested . what follows is manipulation and revenge on the part of the co . he convinces carly to commit hank to a hospital for observation . instead , they fill him with so many drugs that he can barely cope . he foams at the mouth and cannot even finish sewing a leather wallet as presents for his daughters . carly is determined to free her husband from the clutches of the army and succeeds in doing so only by being the strong one in the family for the first time . the film has an upbeat ending with hope that the family has found a way to deal with its problems . the performances are solid throughout . jones is sympathetic and loving and is most effective in those quiet moments when he tries to deal with his wife's rage . he comforts her and offers protection . lange gives a strong and spirited portrayal of a woman on the edge who draws up the courage to try and put things right for her family . amy locane is very good as she fights to keep her family together while struggling with her own doubts as to whether she even should . blue sky is based on the story of the stagner family . the screenplay was written by rama laurie stagner ( with arlene sarner and jerry leichtling ) . the film marks the final work of tony richardson who died shortly after its completion in 1991 . he had made such classics as look back in anger ( 1958 ) and tom jones ( 1963 ) . orion pictures underwent bankruptcy and caused the film to sit on a shelf for three years . the film joins an alread promising fall line-up of films and is well worth catching for the performances alone .
[100]	neg	neg	yes	possible : cast ben affleck in the role of the world's most generic hero . he gets no good one-liners , he doesn't get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways , and all we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wants a cup of hot chocolate and piece of pecan pie . his name is rudy ( short for rudolph , in all likelihood . see , it's called reindeer games . get it ? get it ? shut up . ) in the past , affleck has been at his best as a supporting actor , and reindeer games does nothing to further his viability as a leading man . step two in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : gary sinise's villain dresses and looks like the most standard movie crook a filmmaker could have some up with . he's dirty and potty-mouthed , he's got long , scruffy hair and a goatee , and i fully expected him to walk out of the casino carrying sacks with giant dollar signs on them . he's also extremely inept at what he does . he thinks garish cowboy costumes and santa suits make acceptable disguises , and he trusts affleck's character to pull through even after , time and time and time again , he tricks him and lies to him and nearly kills him . but instead of tapping into the comic possibilities of this role , sinise seems to think he's playing some sort of tough , smart , and smooth criminal mastermind , rather than the complete moron that was obviously written into the script . [on a side note , gary sinise wins this week's " title ! " award , as he's the one who gets to awkwardly cram the name of the movie into one of his lines early in the proceedings . last week's winner was natasha henstridge for the whole nine yards . ] how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely . this is a bad movie . and what's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not-so-stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad . if they'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained .
[101]	neg	neg	yes	jacki piper ) , is going out with wc's son lewis boggs ( richard o'callaghan ) and this causes conflict on the staff day out to the seaside when vic spanner vies for her attentions . in the end , if the strike does not cease , boggs will have to close down his factory , but the support of a group of women led by coote's wife-to-be and spanner's mother , agatha spanner ( renee houston ) , try to resolve the situation . also , sid realises that his budgie has caused him nothing but trouble since it started predicting horse race winners . there are some good performances , as usual , from sid james and kenneth williams in their standard roles . charles hawtrey is third billing but only appears in a few scenes . his part is mildly amusing . richard o'callaghan is appealing as bogg's stuck-up son , patsy rowlands is funny as miss withering , bogg's assistant , and renee houston is terrific in her small part as agatha . however , sole acting honours go to hattie jacques as beattie plummer . although her character is not directly involved with the main storyline , she manages to input a great deal of pathos and feeling into her character . a marvellous performance from a marvellous actress . the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope . in his carry on debut , cope overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny . joan sims returns as the love interest ( instead of barbara windsor ) . sims' 'usual' part as the downtrodden wife was taken by hattie jacques . additionally , bill maynard as fred moore is very poor . this carry on movie tries it best to entertain the viewer : - the locations and wealth of characters are appealing . however , the toilet humour becomes tiresome very quickly and some of the performances leave a lot to be desired . this movie does not know where it is going . it was made in 1971 and talbot rothwell the scriptwriter seems to be in two minds whether to go for 'bluer' jokes or to maintain the 'innocent' jokes success of most of its predecessors . that is why this film suffers . a minor carry on film whose major asset is the performance by hattie jacques . the new 'minor-regulars' such as o'callaghan and piper are not able to enliven the movie and the toilet humour becomes humourless after a while .
[102]	neg	neg	yes	make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of terror . de ! bont has a style of filmmaking so out of line with the material that it is , in itself , frightening . he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush . but why give him a more serious material ? in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont's career as a director . yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad . the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky . but this is where the good things end . the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life . it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage . at first you do not know what's going on . is this part of the experiment ? are these hallucinations ? projections of the subconscience ? paranoia ? but in the end it shows out that this is actually happening . the house is actually possessed . it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window . for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ? i believe hichock once said that " it's ! better to wait for a climax , than to see one " . this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid . they are impossible to take seriously . any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless . " shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality . " haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of . and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film . casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse . but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " .
[103]	neg	neg	yes	job in a slum school , has her precious car scratched by the unruly kids , and settles into a job she hates in order to financially survive . daughter pines for small town wisconsin and her friends there . during one of many arguments with her free-spirited mom , they go for ice cream and while mother is being ticketed , she runs away , only to be chased down by friendly traffic cop ( michael milhoan ) , who offers her wise counsel . with the cop's zen wisdom passed onto the daughter , she will survive living in many different addresses in beverly hills until she reaches 17 and then she plans to get way from mom by using her good grades to go to brown university instead of ucla . during their stay in beverly hills , she grows from feeling awkward in beverly hills high to immediately having many high school girlfriends and even a high school rich boy admirer-- a t . s . eliot ( corbin allred ) reader . but the transition of her life into beverly hills had no feel of reality , as everything seemed staged and unemotional . when she learns her cousin benny ( shawn hatosy ) , who happens to be her best friend dies in a traffic accident back in wisconsin , she returns for the funeral and in those reunion scenes it wasn't clearly shown why she wants to stay there , and for that matter , it was never made clear why the mother wants to leave so badly . the film is one big battle of wills between mother and daughter over their dreams . i guess what the filmmaker is trying to say , is that mom is a bad dreamer and the daughter is the observant one , able to recognize mother's faults when not in growing pains and in need of parenting herself . mother has a series of setbacks , like being dumped by her dream-boat dentist ( bochner ) she met on the beach , and witnessing her daughter mimic her whiny optimistic sayings when trying out for an acting part . but mother learns that her daughter has grown-up and is independent and that she has to stop living her life through her . she learns this when the same wise cop who told ann what to do , is about to ticket her and this time will remind the mother of the right thing to do . this of course results in the corny ending , showing that mom's heart was always in the right place , only she went about it in the wrong way . this was just one of those films where you want to be anywhere but in the theater where this film is showing .
[104]	neg	neg	yes	can stay in your seat ( i suffered through to the bitter , bitter end ; the wife opted for barnes & noble at the 45-minute mark ) . directed by simon west with the same subtlety he brought to " con air , " " tomb raider " is an empty-headed , big budget bore . the story borrows unintelligently from that mother of all turkeys " hudson hawk " ( the same hokum about planetary alignments and sacred stones that , when brought together , well . . . who the heck cares ? ) and it makes " super mario bros . " ( bob hoskins' ill-advised career move ) look like " rocco and his brothers " ( that classic of italian neo-realism ) . i'll go out on a limb here and say i suspect there's actually more character development in the video game than the movie proper . this is where the jolie defenders/video game nuts jump in and say this movie isn't about character development it's about kicking serious butt ( or bum , since ms . croft hails from england's green and pleasant ) . with lips , breasts , and biceps all inflated to the max , lara croft is all about posturing , and jolie has a hard time simply standing still without trying to look tough . ok , let's forget challenging . shouldn't " tomb raider " be , at the very least , fun and exciting ? shouldn't our butt-kicking heroine also encompass the sophistication of , say , james bond with the wit of indiana jones ? there's no humor to be found anywhere in " tomb raider , " even though it tries hard from time to time . even " the mummy returns " didn't take itself too seriously . the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non-existent . to liven things up ( perhaps ) , jolie's live father jon voight puts in a few minutes as lara's dead father lord croft ; talk about a stretch . one thing i hadn't expected from the film is that jolie affects a slightly better english accent than her pa ( although i suspect that thin-looking moustache he's forced to wear gets in the way some ) . unsuccessful ? not entirely . if anything , " lara croft : tomb raider " makes you want to check out the video game itself to figure out exactly what all the fuss was about .
[105]	neg	neg	yes	walt disney studios may have finally met its match with the lush animation in twentieth century fox's anastasia . but judging by the latest efforts from the don bluth studios , the visuals are the only thing fox has to brag about . disney's recent classics have occasionally stretched credibility in such films as pocahontas , the hunchback of notre dame , and to a lesser extent , hercules . with anastasia , fox has gone so far as to throw all facts completely out the window . some may say - so what ? it's just a kid's movie . well . . . if you have young kids , beware , as they may be noticeably frightened by the visuals of a corpse-rotting rasputin zombie , whose body parts continually fall off in a disconcertingly real way . consider yourselves warned . nevertheless , the animation is quite stunning at times . don bluth has used computer animation extensively throughout , occasionally rivalling photographic quality . and yet in other scenes , the hand-drawn material seems of the saturday-morning tv crowd , which leads me to wonder . . . was this rushed to market to combat disney ? the plot , as anyone who had read history before knows , concerns the attempt to return anastasia to her royal family after she was lost in the overthrow of the romanovs in 1916 . not that anastasia is much concerned with what really happened . as for the plot --- go rent disney's candleshoe . you'll see 60% of anastasia there .
[106]	neg	neg	yes	taken over by a bad special effect that is supposed to resemble an octopus with teeth and more than eight tentacles . the cast , which is led by treat williams , is primarily comprised of has-beens and probably-never-will-bes ( two exceptions : wes studi , best known as the villain in the last of the mohicans , and djimon hounsou , amistad's cinque ) . williams , once a " can't miss " prospect in hollywood , has fallen so far out of favor that the best he can do these days for a lead role is a film like deep rising , and his inability to create a charismatic or interesting figure here may sink whatever is left of his sputtering career . famke janssen , who will forever be known as xenia onatopp from goldeneye , is the perfect bland match for williams . given her limited acting abilities , it's likely that she was chosen for this part primarily on the basis of her physical attributes . unfortunately , a bra defeats the purpose of having her in a wet tee-shirt for half of the picture . meanwhile , kevin j . o'connor , who has entirely too much screen time , exhibits all the appeal of fingernails scratching a blackboard . these days , audiences are becoming more difficult to impress with computer-generated special effects . this is a lesson that writer/director stephen sommers ( who previously helmed the live-action jungle book ) needs to learn . the days of jurassic park , when viewers were astounded by the mere spectacle of seeing something big and imposing on screen , are past . now , movie-goers are looking for the sophistication of titanic -- visuals that are so well-incorporated that it's impossible to tell where they end and where " reality " begins . in deep rising , the monster , like everything , is artificial and unconvincing . unfortunately , the fundamental problem audiences are faced with here isn't so much the idiotic monotony of this individual picture , but the poor quality of the entire bankrupt genre ( although , to be fair , deep rising is a particularly bad entry ) . even once this film has sunk out of sight , the knowledgeable viewer knows it won't be the last of its kind . like the slimy , slithering things that inhabit the air vents and pipes of these movies , more are waiting just around the corner in ambush . and that consideration , unlike anything on screen , is truly horrifying .
[107]	neg	neg	yes	exists is as a disembodied voice . there are times when his presence actually saves the film from being completely embarrassing . in the end the effects are the only reason to see this film in the first place . being probably the best technical achievement since " jurassic park " , they are absolutely amazing . we observe the layers of skin , muscle , tissue , and bone being peeled away as a body is slowly rendered invisible . we see a beating heart , inflating lungs , and veins pulsing with newly-pumped blood . there are a couple of inventive shots with smoke , fire , air and water , but are a few scenes like that worth attending a movie for ? what is truly disturbing is that with a great book , talented actors and a grand budget , this could have been so much more . pretty much like jan de bont ( " twister " , " haunting " ) , paul verhoven has never made anything extraordinary . he was responsible for several good films ( " basic instinct " and " starship troopers ) " and some incredibly bad films ( " showgirls " , " total recall " ) , but he has never made anything that was great . in a way " hollow man " fits perfectly in this collection . it's not better or worse than verhoven's average film . he proves once again that he is incapable of handling more complex issues . and so , instead of depth and chills , verhoven inserts some of his trademarks : stupid dialogue , and lot's of dull action with blood and naked bodies . he even throws in some of the worst of film clich ? s - the slowly advancing fireball , the villain who comes back from the dead , etc , etc . - and tops the whole thing off with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year ( you'll be screaming " nooooo ! " and attempt to run towards the exit in slow motion ) . and all we can ask is why ? the answer is simple . though hollywood is a movie producing machine , the business of moviemaking has to be about something more than money . it has to be about telling stories , not marketing them . it has to be about transporting us to a different place , to dazzle us with magic and cleverness . to make us care , to make us think and feel . verhoven has obviously missed that point and this film is a proof of that . it's all flesh and bones , but no soul . a void where its imagination should be .
[108]	neg	pos	no	pretty gruesome stuff . for instance , murphy punches della reese in the stomach . and he shoots jasmine guy in the head . this is a mean-spirited movie , folks ! lovely newcomer lela rochon gets off easy in her role as a common whore , but only because she doesn't have any scenes with murphy . thank god : he might have run her over with a bulldozer . ( 4 ) murphy has written for himself perhaps his blandest role to date . the loveable eddie murphy charisma emerges only once or twice during the film . murphy would rather give his character a spiffy wardrobe than a spiffy personality . sometimes it seems as if murphy made harlem nights just so he could wear fancy suits and look debonair . ( 5 ) the plot is a shameless rip-off of the sting . if you're going to make another sting movie , you've got to do something original . murphy's tale of warring nightclub owners in harlem ( circa 1938 ) fails to add anything new to the formula . ( 6 ) to get laughs , murphy makes fun of stuttering . you know a comedy is digging deep when it resorts to ridiculing the handicapped . ( 7 ) murphy's idea of drama is a scene in which his character apologizes for the first time in his life . for what ? for shooting reese's little toe off ! needless to say , murphy shows little , if any , promise or imagination as a screenwriter . in all fairness , however , a few rays of sunshine do manage to break through the gloomy cloud surrounding the movie . danny aiello is fun to watch as a dirty cop on the take . aiello stands out in the large , ensemble cast : he obviously relishes the opportunity to play such a nasty character ( a racist detective with mob ties ) . aiello's zesty performance gives harlem nights some much needed spice . another bright spot is arsenio hall , who has a hilarious , show-stopping cameo as a cry-baby gangster ; hall virtually steals the spotlight from murphy . in fact , hall's ten minutes on screen are the funniest ten minutes in the movie . unfortunately , his character is completely irrelevant to the plot ; murphy should have given hall a much bigger role . of course , i've already mentioned that i didn't care for murphy's character , but i have to admit that i did love his neckties . they are simply spectacular--almost worth the price of admission .
[109]	neg	pos	no	all those horror films where someone gets a transplant from a serial killer and then is driven to slaughter people . four writers are credited with contributing to the story . that doesn't seem possible . despite being a solid two hours long , " return to me " adds little to the " boy meets girl / boy loses girl " formula and , as a result , is terribly tedious and slow-moving . duchovny and driver seem unable to generate any sparks , and i kept wishing for a fast-forward button to move their scenes along . since driver has managed to work well in romantic roles before , i blame duchovny . he's out of his element without the manufactured and static sexual tension of his tv series ( and i've always thought that the relationship between mulder and scully on " the x-files " comes off more sibling-like than hot-and-bothered ) . there's something about duchovny that makes me uneasy . regardless of the role he's playing , he comes off as a weirdo . the only redeeming quality of " return to me " is its hilarious supporting cast . the circle of friends and relatives around bob and grace is constantly playing matchmaker , and they generate the only laughs in the movie . carroll o'connor is grace's grandfather marty o'reilly . when bob comes into marty's restaurant after hours , marty immediately begins quizzing bob about his marital status . when marty discovers that bob is a widower , he invites bob to join his poker game and introduces him with the declaration , " this is bob ! his wife is dead ! " the poker buddies are just as desperate to find a mate for grace and greet bob enthusiastically when they hear the news . also funny : bonnie hunt as grace's best friend megan and james belushi as megan's husband joe . married with children , megan and joe provide a useful counterpoint by showing the mundane results of romance . although it's rare to see him in a movie that premieres in a theater , belushi delivers his lines with great comic skill . rounding out the impressive supporting cast are david alan grier as bob's best friend and robert loggia as marty's brother-in-law angelo . in only the lead actors lived up to the standards set by the rest of the cast . bottom line : if you are compelled to see this movie , watch it on video so you can fast-forward to scenes with carroll o'connor and james belushi .
[110]	neg	neg	yes	trouble comes with the painfully insipid dialogue . an example : " that [car crash] must've been awful . . . for everyone involved . " you can tell that the writer intended that something a little more airy was supposed to have been said , just no one figured out what . i know in slasher movies there isn't supposed to be a lot of great characterization and i myself don't mind cardboard cutouts , but please don't let the cutouts be so damn bland . one reason movies like scream , star wars and diva have become so treasured is because they feature charismatic actors playing interesting characters . aside from jared leto and joshua jackson ( who aren't on the screen long enough ) no one in urban legend makes the grade . alicia witt shows none of the acerbity or wit she displayed on cybill , rebecca gayheart actually looks unattractive ( not to mention as dumb as a post through 3/4 of the film ) and robert englund just cruises on auto pilot . good thing brad dourif is here , but wait . . . he's only in the movie for five minutes _and_ he's just redoing his good-natured stuttering character from one flew over the cuckoo's nest . which brings me to another aspect of urban legend : it's unoriginality . the film most blatantly ripped off is scream ( another reason that makes me think silvio horta wrote this after craven's and williamson's great success ) . urban legend tries to deconstruct modern-day folklore much the same way scream deconstructed slasher films , but it doesn't quite succeed . it's best stab at self-reflexivity is poking fun at " that girl in the noxzeema ad " ( ie , rebecca gayheart ) we also have another killer-taunting-his-victim-on-the-phone routine in urban legend and quick , what movie is this exchange of dialogue from : female protagonist : why ? villain : why ? why ? ! ? congratulations to those of you who answered scream and/or urban legend . like i said , this movie could've been great . if only silvio had worked or been allowed to work a little longer on the script . still , at least urban legend had some pretty cool death scenes and a somewhat realized whodunit angle which makes this slasher is waaaayyyyyy better than i know what you did last summer .
[111]	neg	neg	yes	'70s cartoon character ) was a geek in high school , so she jumps at the opportunity for a second chance . this time , she thinks , she will get it right and be accepted by the in-crowd . now , what kind of adult - with a good job and a successful career - would actually look forward to reliving the hell that was - and is - high school and adolescence . these are among the many problems that plague " never been kissed . " screenwriters abby kohn and marc silverstein cannot get a handle of josie . their script has her capriciously switching from confident adult to ditzy , blubbering woman-child at the least provocation . and the fact that an adult would put so much stock into trying to become tight with the vapid airheads who are supposedly south glen high school's most popular girls leads you to question her maturity and mental stability . ok , so " never been kissed " is not a sociological expose of today's high school scene . however , certain rules should apply to film , and one of those is consistency of character . among the movie's problems is the ill-conceived conceit that josie would seriously strive to climb the high school food chain and , in the process , lose focus on her assignment . any competent editor would have tossed her ass out the door quicker than you could say " get me rewrite . " to be fair , barrymore is very appealing , but she is given very little to work with . she tries valiantly to get a firm grip on her character , but the script continually undermines her . barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy aspects of the script in which she tries to walk , talk and act like a cool , hip high schooler . otherwise , she is left foundering on a cliched sea of teen-age stereotypes and situations . " never been kissed " is entertaining and funny in fits and starts . it lacks consistency and a firm grasp on what it wants to accomplish . the movie's main bright spot is provided by leelee sobieski as aldys , the outsider who befriends new student josie . josie sees a lot of her former self in aldys , yet still abandons her to hang out with the popular girls . real mature . and that is the main deficiency with " never been kissed . " it's illogical , unrealistic , uneven and undemanding . it has some warm and humorous spots , but not enough to overcome its many obstacles .
[112]	neg	neg	yes	run into a group of hotties who pretend to be with an animal-rights group , but are really jewel thiefs who parade around in charlie's angels-style outfits . of course , they set jay and silent bob up to look like the thieves , so that there is a massive manhunt going on during the second half of the film . will ferrell , who again proves himself incapable of doing anything but sketch comedy , shows up as the wildlife marshal inspector who thinks the two have stolen a monkey . the movie will probably please only smith's die-hard , undiscerning fans ; everyone else will be critical of this mind-bogglingly stupid effort following some the sophisticated cinema that he churned out in years past . any appeal the movie has will come from the " in " jokes , most of which i think i understood , but the movie is " in " to the point of absurdity . there needs to be something holding it together other than its own smugness . once jay and silent bob get to hollywood , the movie abruptly switches gears from gross-out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire . countless " hot " movie stars and personalities make an appearance , from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven , but jay and silent bob strike back resorts to such low-brow gags as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer . get it ? they're so desperate for another movie , they ran out of ideas and used a monkey ! a monkey ! as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat . one of the funniest lines in the movie flies by : when asked to comment on the clitoris ( don't ask ) , jay responds : " the female clitoris ? " kevin smith is a talented writer ( though i agree that his films would be better off if he'd let a real director take the helm ) , and jay and silent bob strike back holds true to his promise to make a more facetious film . unfortunately , it's also shapeless , pointless and largely unfunny . smith's " verbal trampoline , " as ben affleck once called his distinctive dialogue , takes a back seat to his dubious instincts as a populist filmmaker . this was supposed to be the movie that didn't offend anyone , but it's offensive because it's terrible .
[113]	neg	neg	yes	from the usual rule-the-world so often found in the james bond movies of the 70s , but here we get a confused mismash about a fabled assassin , francisco scaramanga ( christopher lee , putting in a performance which is one of the rare saving graces of this movie ) who someone has apparently payed one million dollars to in order to remove roger moore's 007 . there is also a flimsy connection with the energy crisis and a missing solar cell with 95% efficiency . it's as much of a mess as it sounds . bond is " helped " in his task by mary goodnight ( ekland ) , whose character couldn't possibly be any closer to the stereotypical bimbo . during the course of the movie she gets locked in both a closet and a car trunk , blunders around a control room accidentally setting off a laser and serves no purpose in enhancing the plot whatsoever . maud adams ( later to star in octopussy ) is a much more stronger and useful character , but she hardly features in the movie . scaramanga's lackey is a dwarf called nik-nak , who rather fittingly is also possibly the silliest henchman in the series , serving up annoyance and weak dialogue in equal measures . worse still is an almost total lack of action throughout the whole movie . there is but one fight sequence about fifteen minutes in ( not counting a ludicrous scene where two teenage girls beat up several dozen trained martial artists -- another misguided attempt at humour ) . the solitary car chase might have been a highlight , but the " action " is interrupted on a frequent basis by a redneck sheriff ( j . w . pepper , played by clifton james of live and let die " fame " ) yelling stupid comments out of the passenger window . he is easily the most irritating character in a james bond movie . even his presence could have been made bearable by one of the most impressive car stunts in cinematic history , a 360 degree twisting loop jump over a broken bridge -- could have been , except somebody got the idea to dub a mocking whistle tone over the final print . on top of that debacle , the whole end of the film is an anticlimatic sequence in scaramanga's " funhouse " . the only good thing that came out of this movie was that the producers had to make the next film in the series ( the infinitely superior " the spy who loved me " ) a great film in order for the bond franchise to survive .
[114]	neg	neg	yes	of 115 minutes . considering this , it is amazing how fulfilling and truthful " a sweet hereafter " was , not only concentrating on the school bus accident , but delving deeply into ian holm's character and his own personal demons , as well as the teenage girl . in " a civil action , " however , i have no idea where the running time went , since the film is virtually two hours of nothingness . we do not get to know the parents very well , nor any of the main characters . through its whole duration , i did not learn one thing__not one thing__about travolta's lawyer character , jan schlictmann , who doesn't appear to have any sort of life or purpose outside of his job . every scene is tediously related directly to the premise , and therefore , there was no one for me to care about or root for . you've got to work pretty hard , actually , to not get an audience to become involved in the parents' plight , since their children are dead , but that is exactly what " a civil action " does . to be honest , i would be fairly hard-pressed to state an aspect of the film that i actually liked . aside from one flashback to when a man's young son died on the way to the doctor , i remained unmoved and passive about what was going on in the scenes , and more than once found my mind wandering . i could say the performances were good , but who's fooling who ? since every character is one-dimensionally written , no one's acting abilities are challenged in any way . travolta plays a lawyer well enough , but that's about all he does . duvall virtually sleepwalks through his role , apparently only appearing to give one-liners at every chance he gets . and what in the world is kathy bates doing in the picture's final scene , as a judge ? she appears unbilled , since it is just a cameo , but why did she even agree to do it in the first place ? finally , when the conclusion arrived and the end credits began to role , the film left me with another question : what was the point ? abruptly ending without any susceptible momentum , where none came before that to begin with , " a civil action " seemed to me , at least , to be an example of how not to make a courtroom drama , and it certainly did not do justice to the very serious subject matter the film deals with .
[115]	neg	neg	yes	grotesque and unfunny , leaving the audience wishing he would leave . leguizamo does a satisfactory job in the role , but he is seen far too often in the film . michael jai white , a relative newcomer to theatrical releases , seems to be an appealing actor , and he handles his role adequately , but we see little of him without various masks on . more time needed to be spent on white's character before he became spawn for the movie to pull at the heartstrings . a special note should be made about martin sheen as the over-the-top , obnoxious , evil general wynn . easily the hammiest performance in the movie , it's hard to imagine how sheen mucked up his role so much ; after all , he played a vietnam assasin brilliantly in the great apocalypse now . sheen's excessive demeanor do not help the audience accept him as a mastermind villain and comes as a surprise considering his extensive career in film . many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to drag spawn down . mtv-style , jerky , in-your-face editing is one of them . flames , for example , roll across the screen sometimes to announce a shift in setting . cogliostro , unlikely wannabe guide for spawn , serves as a poor narrator for the film . he goofily tells the audience , at one point , that " how much of [spawn's] humanity is left remains to be seen , " as if the audience really cares as one violent sequence leads to another . the music , finally , assaults the audience as much as the manic violence and offensive dialogue . loud and obnoxious hard rock fused with drum loops dominate some scenes . to be fair , however , marilyn manson's " long hard road out of hell " effectively compliments spawn's return to earth , while filter and the crystal method's " ( can't you ) trip like i do " proves a surprisingly fitting theme song . for as good a comic book as it is , " spawn " did not spawn a good movie . spawn , instead , suffers from too much pomp and circumstance , and too little plot and character development . it receives two stars for its technically well-done special effects . many other films , though , have equal , if not superior , special effects and are much better . rated pg-13 , spawn seems more violent than many r-rated movies and probably wouldn't be appropriate for the very young .
[116]	neg	neg	yes	his family ; reeves' wounded look is just right for jjaks . the wedding sequence includes a number of nice moments , most notably the aforementioned bathroom scene in which a simple question is given a very funny spin . most important , baigelman begins to establish the connection between freddie and jjaks with humor and economy , as in a scene where they both spontaneously begin singing along to the replacements' " i will dare " on the car radio . you would have every reason to expect that relationships -- both familial and romantic -- would be the focal point of feeling minnesota . unfortunately , you would be dead wrong . i suppose i should have expected daisies and valentines after an early scene in which red threatens freddie as she tries to avoid the wedding , but i certainly didn't expect what i got . what i got was yet another in a long line of recent films trying to ride the tarantino wave by mixing gags and brutality , or rather creating gags about brutality . suddenly , the story of romantic entanglements and family conflict becomes a story about a corpse , and everything which had come before degenerates so completely that virtually nothing is recognizable . the sibling rivalry not only becomes little more than an excuse for one round of beatings after another , but there is no consistency to the characterizations . vincent d'onofrio turns in a manic performance as sam , whose jealousy , competitiveness and apparent sense of inferiority seem far more in keeping with what we know about jjaks , while reeves turns into a framed hero too reminiscent of chain reaction , and both of them spend most of the second half of the film screaming and covered in blood . there are films which have managed to employ a radical shift in tone successfully ( jonathan demme's something wild and neil jordan's the crying game come to mind ) , but they didn't try to draw an audience with the promise of relatively innocuous entertainment . i don't want to dismiss baigelman's successes out of hand -- he gets a fun performance out of dan aykroyd as a crooked cop , and some well-crafted comic moments -- and it is not his fault that fine line has chosen to promote feeling minnesota as a light-hearted caper . it _is_ his fault that he violates his own characters for the sake of shock value , and that he can't make his two halves into a whole . feeling minnesota left me feeling used , and there's not much funny about that .
[117]	neg	neg	yes	perfect storm is utterly perfect in every aspect , but just try lasting the first three-quarters . i have yet to read sebastian junger's the perfect storm , but from what i have heard it is an unforgettable tale . based on a true story , the book must have found some other way to introduce the characters because in the movie version , the approach is weak . using a wonderfully patriotic score by james horner , petersen almost hides the in-your-face banality . right away the central characters are introduced : the gritty , determined captain ( george clooney ) , the ingenue ( mark wahlberg ) torn between his job and his girlfriend ( diane lane ) , the loving father ( john c . reilly ) , the comic relief who's always trying to get laid ( john hawkes ) , the new guy ( william fichtner ) who immediately antagonizes a crewmate and the quiet , french guy ( allen payne ) . so many problems strike the opening segment of the film that the remaining portions directly suffer . it is not the all-star cast's fault , just the characters designed for their portrayal . allen payne's character never speaks in the entire movie , not because he is mute , but because he's never given any lines ! are we supposed to root for a guy whose face and voice we are never given a chance to interact with ? fichtner's character is terribly underdeveloped - we don't know what he's doing there , where he's from , or who he's supposed to be . the remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes ( hawkes says to a female stranger in one scene " you know what would look good on you ? me ! " ooooh real creative ) . as the script advances and the andrea gail floats farther out into the waters , the crew continues to not feel human . only when the storm takes center stage does the movie jump out of its sleepwalk . the computer-generated images of gigantic waves crashing against a helpless boat are thunderously real . i can only imagine if this was an imax film , this city kid would surely never go in the water again . this is loud , jolting entertainment - adjectives that completely negate the rest of the film . the perfect storm was unfortunately a disappointment . the maelstrom lived up to its potential but everything else failed to do so . i guess i'll stick to that other survival spectacle ? you know the one on cbs ?
[118]	neg	neg	yes	scenes occurs in a courtroom . outside of the laughably poor performances given by the actors portraying lawyers , the people sitting in the benches provide the silliest effort at drama in the film . they constantly shift and turn and arc their heads in mock interest in what has got to be one of the worst perfomances that a large group of people have given at one time ever . fatal charm's storyline , such as it is , inspires more yawns than thrills . the script belabors a red herring , early on , about a second suspect who may have committed the murders for which adam ( atkins ) is charged with . this suspect , however , turns up strangled and drowned halfway through the film : an obvious plot fault . even for the idiots who didn't consider the movie's title as valerie and a blond newsreporter commented how innocent and charming the defendant seemed , it becomes quite obvious that adam is dangerous when the other suspect washes up . so , the audience must wait ( if they haven't already stopped watching ) as the necessary details fall into place and the killer goes after the heroine in the drawn-out finale . the video box for this dud describes fatal charm as an " erotic thriller " . a thriller it isn't , and neither is it particularly erotic . i can't imagine , if someone were in the mood for something " erotic , " that he'd be happy after watching this fluff . a few erotic moments occur in the film ; they take place in a van with little lighting and are filmed out of focus ( see , they're supposed to be valerie's fantasies -- how creative ) . on a personal note , i was disturbed by the ludicrous english literature class shown in this film which valerie had to suffer through . it's no wonder why she hated high school so much . as an instructor of english myself , i have a hard time accepting the fact that in a course emphasizing great literature , a teacher would stoop to reading a student's bad poetry ( of course , it's valerie's ) about boyfriends out loud and then embarassing its author in front of class with questions about the poem's inspiration . i guess the public school system is still setting dubious standards for its students . fatal charm won't charm anyone , unless there's someone that's charmed by boring , lifeless , insipid , suspenseless thrillers . if you happen upon this turkey , just keep moving on .
[119]	neg	neg	yes	to how he has survived long enough to reach his age ( looks to be in his 60's ) . to add to this we're shown this motley crew that at times seems to be highly skilled in specific fields , and at others seems barely capable of basic tasks . some of the supposed capabilities of the characters leads one to wonder what they are doing on a tug transporting cargo in the middle of the pacific , in a typhoon no less . none of the characters seem to work together at all ; they are always bickering and vying for some form of control . this makes no sense what so ever and only takes away from the story , a story that is full of holes and is extremely predictable . all the flaws of the actual story are only helped along by the special effects . the waves that are generated to be part of the typhoon make it look like boat was is small model sitting in a tub and someone is simply creating waves . it looks genuinely fake , granted trying to recreate a typhoon or hurricane cannot be easy by any stretch of the imagination but having the storm approach in a style similar to the huge wave of deep impact only ends up looking corny and amateurish . also on the topic of flaws , the robotics that the advanced life form creates seem to move extremely slowly , why ? if this life form that is so advanced as to be able to create these robotics , should it not be able to create them move faster ? regardless , the special effects in this movie in many cases take away from the film rather than add to it . as to the actual casting for the movie , finally there is nothing to complain about . the actors were superb , but then again it is highly doubtful that chimpanzees would have had difficulty acting the roles . having the cast that was present probably saved this movie from being an absolute catastrophe . watching these actors act this story out made it bearable , if barely . the one saving grace of this movie is that it was highly action packed and there always seemed to be something happening . so if you are going into this movie not expecting to see anything grand and are only going to kill some time and watch a mediocre sci-fi thriller then you won't be too disappointed . as the movie is but the latest in a genre that was originally created by aliens , it does little more than try to cash in on that aspect . this movie would be best left for video and even then you might be advised to simply wait for one of the major networks to air it on tv .
[120]	neg	pos	no	. somehow a plot dealing with all the dinosaurs being mutated and transported to an alternate futuristic mega-city jumbles in . the plot is fine- better than the movie deserves . the acting is ok . this seems to be more of a visual film . the special effects are good , especially on the robotic yoshi . however the film drags and is no fun . and it leaves itself open to a sequel , which probably won't ever be made . this movie begins sort of promising , but ends up leaving a weird taste in your mouth . so if you want to watch a sort of odd movie starring the excellent dennis hopper , then watch super mario bros . : the movie . you could do worse . but you could definitely do better . . . . street fighter : the movie ( 1995 ) starring : raul julia and jean claude van-damme this movie was based off of a series of never ending sequels to a game called street fighter 2 . it has all the characters from the game in a reasonable plot . it is more like a " movie " than it should be . yes , it's watchable . raul julia does a good job , considering this was his final film . while the game had non-stop fighting sequences , this movie is a hodge-podge of action scenes and flashy sets and costumes while trying to show off a plot at the same time . does it work ? sort of . . . the plot involves the evil shadowloo organization run by m . bison ( raul julia ) . guile ( jean claude van-damme ) takes his troops to attack bison's main base in an attempt to liberate the innocent villages he has taken over . in a short amount of time , the movie introduces several characters well . it catches your attention . but it ultimately seems like a showcase for fans of the game so you can point out things like " there's chun li ! ! " or " look at that fire-ball ryu did at vega " . it hits the bases by presenting the characters in a plot with good sets , but goes no further . this movie needed more action in the first place . the action scenes that are here are short and not very exciting . if you like light-hearted action flicks , or if you liked the game , watch this one . it is even worth watching if you want to see raul julia's last performance , or if you can't get enough of van damme . other than that , you could find better action flicks . .
[121]	neg	pos	no	at all our ticket to the glimpse of the decadence going on inside the club that he could have been . shane begins to hang out with some other denizens of the club , like anita ( salma hayek ) , a wannabe donna sommers , and her young hubby , greg randanzo ( breckin meyer , from " clueless " ) , who helps shane become a bartender and rise to a bit of fame . although he begins to get somewhere when he sleeps with the foxy billie auster ( sela ward ) , an exec of sorts , he falls in lust with a soap star named julie black ( neve campbell ) , and thus the boring romance subplot that's all too not necessarily important to anything else in the film and never really becomes interesting at any point in the film . the film's sole point of interest and one major strongpoint is the all-too necesary personage of steve rubell , played by mike myers ( you heard me ) . rubell , the famous head of the studio acted as if he never stopped partying ever , and is an easy metaphor for the life and times of his creation , but the film , thanks to a surprisingly strong performance by myers , makes him out to be more than that . notice the scenes sole shocking scene , where he tries to get felatio from one of his male employees in turn for a promotion : myers brings the humanity to rubell in this scene , and a couple others , that some of us who've only seen him on tv never saw , and proves to be perhaps the one aspect of studio 54 that this film actually nails . first time feature director mark christopher proves that he's a better director than a writer , though not too terribly much . his story is trite and shallow , as are his characters , and his direction is shockingly flat , especially for a film about this subject . it's as if he had a great story to tell , but instead opted for the easier route . the studio's recreation is amazingly accurate , though , and very impressive , but his direction is never captivating enough . some people say that a film does its job if it makes you want to visit the locale it takes place in ( despite the film's tone , i still want to go to rome and its many nightclubs after i saw fellini's " la dolce vita " ) , and when i watched " 54 , " i didn't particularly want to stay .
[122]	neg	neg	yes	and no traces of evidence were found , until the murderer reveals himself , hence the headless horseman . now with the help of christina ricci and an orphaned boy , they must stop the headless horseman from a killing spree , that could destroy the whole town of sleepy hollow . sure the headless horseman is an intriguing character , but the story has so many holes that even he nor depp can save this disaster . in the original , the headless horseman was meant to be unstoppable . no one could stop him , not even ichabod . by the end of the film , it had audiences in deep thought . burton however concentrates far too much on the atmosphere , and how to make the main characters heroes . he takes no risk what so ever , and this is where he fails . another pathetic element of the film was the script . like i said earlier , he just stuffed too much in at one time , and made it look real sloppy , kind of like the mess the headless horseman made with his victims . he completely butchered the story to pieces . thankfully there are a few factors that i particularly liked . the acting by depp was quite notable . he took the nerdy character of the cartoon , and simply acted it out in a better manner . if it wasn't for his quirky one-liners , i doubt i could have remained awake , because quite frankly i was getting sleepy . just when i thought christina ricci was getting to be a good actress , she winds up doing this . it just goes to show no actress or actor can pass up a big blockbuster . it's too tempting to let go , even if the script is mush . the atmosphere too was quite involving . i should have just gazed at the sets , and the eerie fog , rather than actually pay attention to what was going on . at least burton's films are eye candy , even if they are trash . the only real scenes of value were the tree full of heads , and the fight between the horseman , depp and casper van dien . other than that , i wish i could just fast forward through all the gaping holes in the film , and just sit back and stare at the scenery . by the end , i can only think back and laugh at how bad sleepy hollow developed . this is the biggest disappointment of the year , especially when such a talented director like burton handles a project like this . don't waste your time or money , because your head will feel hollow .
[123]	neg	neg	yes	) , that i turned to my buddy and asked when the movie had turned into a joke . and a few bogus chase and action sequences later , we were left with a long-winded ending that did little to answer any other questions i might've still had , and actually brought up even more contradictions . badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone . in fact , if it wasn't for brittany murphy's excellent portrayal of a traumatized teen , jennifer esposito's embarrassing performance as a police woman ( yeah , right ! watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- but it wasn't supposed to be ) and michael douglas' cool " regular guy " part , there would be little reason to remain seated until the end of this picture . incidentally , can anyone please give me one good reason why esposito's character was in this movie in the first place ? she was completely superfluous . and on top of all that , by the end of this flick , the director seems to have realized how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he'd been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior , and decides to add insult to injury by flashing back to an earlier character's death when one of the bad guys dies , just so we know ( as an audience ) , that the two are interrelated somehow . ooooh , thanks , mr . fleder . . . i appreciate the spoon-feeding , dude . . . yum , yum . . . but how about explaining every other plot point in your film that made no sense ? whatever . either way , i don't give a rat's ass because this movie is a dog and that's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it . see it if you like dumb thrillers . incidentally , if you appreciated along came a spider , you will likely enjoy this film as well . they both start off with interesting premises , only to toss all logic and sense out the window about halfway through . where's joblo coming from ? along came a spider ( 4/10 ) - girl , interrupted ( 5/10 ) - kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) - primal fear ( 7/10 ) -- seven ( 10/10 )
[124]	neg	neg	yes	in this tale of seth warner ( aidan quinn ) , a man of faith who runs into a streak of bad luck which usually inspires country-western lyrics : his pregnant wife drowns , his home is destroyed by a tornado , he loses his job and his dog is crippled by a bolt of lightning . convinced that god has broken his half of the covenant , seth decides to break his , and sets out to turn every " thou shalt not " of the ten commandments into a " thou shalt " ( and vice versa ) . his wife's sister rachel ( " friends " ' courteney cox ) wants to help seth ; rachel's selfish husband harry ( anthony lapaglia ) , who tends to break a few commandments of his own , thinks seth is a lunatic . thus begins a film which picks the wrong tone for every occasion . taplitz isn't interested in treating seth's tragedies as genuinely tragic , making it impossible to sympathize with him . composer joseph vitarelli provides a score full of whimsical woodwinds , turning seth's sacrilegious mission into an amusing lark ; quinn's performance as seth is all wild-eyed fervor without any genuine pain . the actual breaking of the commandments is almost treated as an afterthought , with one through five dispatched in a five-minute montage . the result is a character whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an anguished man than the machinations of a high-concept movie plot . it's not even entirely clear that commandments is about seth . corporate attorney rachel is given a case which is supposed to soften a hard heart we see no indication she has , while harry gets his comeuppance as part of seth's " false witness . " only courteney cox strikes a note of reality in a solid performance ; she is sane center around which too equally troubled men revolve . even she can't force taplitz to decide whose story this is , or what we should have learned about dealing with the struggles in our lives and our relationship with the infinite . by the time seth makes a singularly biblical reappearance late in the film , it has become clear that taplitz is aiming for a fantastical fable which makes no connection with real human experience . commandments is a bad comedy which could have been a decent drama if daniel taplitz had had the guts to take faith -- and the loss thereof -- at all seriously .
[125]	neg	neg	yes	gayheart ) , has a guilty conscience . to make things worse , another student , the hopelessly geeky fern mayo ( judy evans greer ) accidentally discovers the truth . the girls' cover is surely blown . . . not so fast . thinking quickly , courtney offers fern a once-in-a-lifetime chance . after a quick makeover , fern is transformed into vylette , the beautiful " new girl " at school , and a full-fledged member of the popular crowd . does this mean that popularity is the key to getting away with murder ? or will this finely honed plan crack over time ? jawbreaker is obviously attempting to be the heathers of its generation , and failing miserably , i might add . it manages to capture the mix of murder and teen social observations , but misses three crucial elements : sharp dialogue , witty characters and the much-needed humor . it is possible that jawbreaker might have succeeded in being ( darkly ) humorous if it wasn't shackled to its dead-weight plot . the film's most innovative twist is the makeover of fern mayo . at this point , jawbreaker seems poised to spin wildly into the uncharted depths . but then , all of a sudden , the innovation stops . the film becomes mired in the murder-and-cover-up plotting , which quickly saps what little life and energy there was right out of the film . in the film , rose mcgowan fares the best . as the manipulative clique leader , she truly dominates every scene she's in ( not a difficult feat in a crowd such as this , however ) . it's a character crying out for a better movie ( or at least another decently drawn character with which to interact . ) jawbreaker doesn't quite know how to handle its semi-likable characters : fern and julie . either one could effectively end the movie at any time by simply revealing what she knows . the lengths to which the film goes to prolong the plot have the unintentional effect of distancing us from these characters . as their motives become murky and unclear , the film finally falls to the point that it doesn't really matter who wins or loses , since all sides have become equally detestable . " detestable " is a good word to describe the film , jawbreaker . it's certain that , like the murder weapon described in the film's title , jawbreaker will be triggering more than one gag reflex in the audience .
[126]	neg	neg	yes	capsule : a wild jungle woman and an 11-story gorilla are discovered in tibet and taken to hong kong where the gorilla escapes and causes havoc . this is a laughable 1977 rip off of king kong ( 1976 ) , itself a rip-off . production values are low and audiences seem to like the film mostly for derisive laughter . , high -2 ( -4 to +4 ) - directed by ho meng-hua . - this film is provided to be a sort of laughing stock to finish the festival . - an earthquake uncovers an 11-story tall gorilla in the himalayas . a hunter , chosen because he just broke up with his girl and is at loose ends , gets sent to find the ape and finds a sort of female tarzan who controls the ape . - evelyne kraft is the jungle girl in a leather bikini that she is pasted into so she always looks on the verge of bouncing out of . - gorilla actor has no idea how gorillas move and suit is terrible . nice miniature effects , however . - has almost a music video inside it of jungle girl playing with animals like chi-chi the leopard . - several places there is narrative that is nearly incoherent as if there are missing scenes and the viewer has to guess what happened in the interim . - actual location shooting in mysore . ape shown badly matted behind temple . - combining of images usually pretty bad . incompetent matching of film stocks . - stock footage frequently used . - gorilla brought to hong kong by greedy entrepreneur who really abuses the ape before it escapes and tears things up real good .
[127]	neg	neg	yes	) dies suddenly , leaving a video will behind for his grandson ( who also happens to be his only living relative ) . everybody is speechless when grandpa declares that he is passing down an inheritance in the amount of 100 million dollars to jimmie . of course , there's a catch : he must get married before his 30th birthday , stay joined with his bride for an entire decade , and produce healthy children within the first five years . the bad news is that jimmie's birthday is the following day . with anne out of town , he must find a willing bride to share his riches with . . . and within a very limited time frame . there are certainly a few worthwhile aspects of `the bachelor' . for one , the movie's approach is interesting and not dripping with clich ? . another is the colorful cast . o'donnell and zellweger are cute together , and the supporting cast tries relentlessly to rescue the film from drowning in it's own mediocrity . ustinov is enjoyable as the cranky grandfather figure , and james cromwell is sincere and effective as a wise priest dragged through jimmie's marital adventures . and now the cons : the approach may be interesting , but in trying an old-fashioned method , director gary sinyor gives the film a synthetic feel . the characters are drawn with obvious , broad strokes , and the plot is bogged down with everything humanly imaginable . yes , `the bachelor' is far more frustrating than cute . the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived . the considerable charm of the two leads is thoughtlessly wasted , along with whatever promise the film initially contained . potential goes out the window early to suit sinyor's `colorful' approach , but not a minute of this hapless drivel seems accustomed to the director's wishes . `the bachelor' becomes lost without a homing beacon to save it . you've seen the tv spots , haven't you ? o'donnell is madly rushing down a deserted street and the caption reads `what is this man running from ? ' in actuality , he's fleeing from thousands of angry brides who want to marry him and inherit his fortune ( it's one of the few enjoyable sequences in the film ) . after seeing the movie , i believe that the approaching horde could be something else . o'donnell could be running from his angry fans , who have just endured `the bachelor' , and are hunting him down for revenge .
[128]	neg	pos	no	a brilliant beginning but don't know how to end . it begins by introducing us to a selection of characters who all know each other . there is liz , who oversleeps and so is running late for her appointment , prue who is getting married , geoff , liz's boyfriend , neil , her previous boyfriend , ant who has written a screenplay . for the first hour , we get to know these people through everyday activities , as they talk on the phone , go out to dinner , hang clothes on the line . the interactions seem so truthful and guileless that it is almost as if the film-makers hid cameras around the place and filmed these people unbeknownst to them . at times , the events border on the ridiculous , like the screening of the film , but they still seem in keeping with the characters and their lives . this doesn't sound like a brilliant premise for a film - " we just follow a lot of people around who are vaguely related " - but it's the execution of the idea that makes topless women talk about their lives so engrossing . unfortunately this level of honesty isn't maintained . with about half an hour to go , a sense of impending doom invades topless women talk about their lives and from there is descends into melodrama . such a disappointment after such a brilliant start . the actors are all quite good with ms . danielle cormack as liz being particularly impressive . the energy of her character is palpable and is a major reason the movie is so watchable . a lot of the performances are a bit rough around the edges but this suits totally the documentary feel of the film . it seems like these are real people we are watching rather than actors playing roles . that is why the melodramatic turn of events comes as such a shock . up till that point , i was transported to this world where these real but mildly insane events were taking place . while the final half hour is not beyond the realms of possibility , it's unlikely in a way that is jarring to someone caught up in the world of the film . not just the events , but also the tone of some of the end is wrong , clashing strongly with the sense of fun that has preceded it . this is not to say that topless women talk about their lives is not a good film . as stated above , the first hour is superb and even the end is above average . it just takes a turn which means that an otherwise brilliant movie loses some of its gloss .
[129]	neg	neg	yes	beware of movies with the director's name in the title . take " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " ( please ) . if the carpenter brand name wasn't superglued to the title , this embarrassment would surely have bypassed theaters entirely and gone straight to its proper home on the usa network . and i would have been spared a headache . the latest from the director of " starman , " " halloween " and " escape from new york " is a lousy western all gussied up to look like a futuristic horror flick . the production is set on mars in 2176 , where humanity looks for relief from the overpopulation strangling their home world . six hundred and forty thousand people in a matriarchal society live and work at outposts all over the red planet , terra-forming to make it more hospitable for future generations . a matriarchal society . terra-forming . sounds pretty intriguing , eh ? well , don't get your hopes up .
[130]	neg	neg	yes	a week just isn't going to cut it ) . we first see young max keeble ( alex d . linz , home alone 3 ) as a pint-sized superhero , delivering newspapers with the pinpoint accuracy of a david beckham cross , foiling the diabolical plans of the evil ice cream man ( jamie kennedy , jay and silent bob strike back ) and landing the neighborhood honey ( brooke anne smith ) , who , by the way , is the hottest chick in a disney film since emmanuelle chriqui played claire boner in snow day . the scenario is , of course , a dream . max is really a doofus and he wakes up on his first day of junior high school with a pessimistic attitude , no luck with the ladies and only two friends , both of whom can kindly be described as social outcasts ( and who were both in snow day ) - the perpetually robed robe ( josh peck ) and a clarinet-playing cutie named megan ( summer catch's zena grey ) , who harbors secret feelings for max . things don't get any better for max when he arrives at school . he has to contend with , among other things , a red-hot science teacher ( amber valletta , family man ) , a pair of polar-opposite bullies ( noel fisher and orlando brown ) , and an illiterate principal ( larry miller , the princess diaries ) who's secretly diverting the school's last dime into the football program . when max's father ( grownup nerd robert carradine ) unexpectedly announces the family is moving to a new town at the end of the week , max decides this is the perfect time to exact revenge on everyone who pisses him off . whoa - don't worry , parents . he doesn't do it klebold-harris style . it's all pretty tame stuff , but max ends up in hot water when dad nixes the move , leaving his son dangling in the wind like so many tampon strings . director tim hill ( muppets from space ) adds a few nice touches , like max's voiceover character introductions for the film's main characters and a flashback scene that's pretty funny , but there isn't too much else happening here stylewise . . . unless you count some farting , a little puking , and a couple of bizarre cameos from tony hawk and lil' romeo . 1 : 30 - pg for some bullying and crude humor
[131]	neg	pos	no	feel sick to their stomach at the site of extreme gore . you've seen this kind of movie before . the hellraiser series had plenty of scenes containing this sensibility . this is a kind of movie for which i have no respect , a kind of movie which i had hoped died out years ago . it is quite possible for a movie to frighten or shock its audience without resorting to nothing more than gore , but event horizon takes the low road , and the viewers pay the price . there are many good , respectable performances , from fishburne and neill most noticably . paul anderson's direction is impressive , as it was in mortal kombat . there are many nice special effects , mostly dealing with numerous common objects floating around in zero-gravity . the sets are beautiful to gaze upon . and richard t . jones' character ( cooper ) is hilarious and extremely likable ( more so than most characters i've seen in recent movies ) for the little screen time that he has . and none of this can save the movie from being a d-grade level of film . the idea of a ship that has some sort of life within its walls , a life that knows the fears and inner skeletons of the human passengers , is a promising one . a haunted house story in space isn't such a bad idea . but the final execution is extremely disappointing . that's not to say that philip eisner ( here making his feature film-writing debut ) doesn't have talent . for those first 40 minutes , he manages to make a tired premise interesting , adding in aspects of unique flavor into a rip-off story , and that's something that not too many writers can do . he even has one scene that , though it also tries to sicken the audience , has a honestly tense feel to it ( the scene in question deals with one of the crew being in an airlock while others try to save him from floating into space ) . he definitely has something of a gift , but it's not fully on display here . i certainly will look forward to seeing more from him , and i hope that his future work fully explores his talent and the story possibilities of the premise . but because of what this movie degenerates into , i have little or no respect , and got little or no enjoyment , out of it . if this is what we have to look forward to in the future of film , then i agree with laurence fishburne's sentiment - " god help us . "
[132]	neg	neg	yes	: the next generation is not one of them . now if you also take into consideration that the original chainsaw massacre was a really bad movie , and that this isn't even the first sequel to it , you have a recipe for a very painful viewing experience . don't be fooled by the presence of up and coming talents matthew mcconaughey ( a time to kill ) and renee zellweger ( jerry maguire ) . they made this movie before they were stars . judging by their performances they also made it before they took any acting lessons . it's a wonder they ever worked in hollywood again after appearing in this turkey . apparently the producers of this film realized just how bad it was , because it sat unreleased for years until someone decided that they might be able to capitalize off the success of mcconaughey and zellweger . apparently the two young stars were none too happy about this thing ever seeing the light of day . and i don't blame them , they would have been better off if this had been some sort of porno flick starring the two of them . unfortunately for them it is a horror film in which zellweger plays your typically stupid horror film character . while mcconaughey plays a guy who wears a mechanical brace on his leg that he controls with a television remote control . ( hey , don't say i didn't warn you . ) to make matters worse , leatherface , the chainsaw wielding maniac , who was never the scariest of psychopathic killers at the best of times , has now become a full blown cross-dresser , and spends the entire movie in drag . there is a plot to this movie but it isn't worth mentioning . let's just suffice to say that a group of teenagers are in the typical wrong place at the wrong time and are left to the mercy of remote control man ( mcconaughey ) and his lipstick wearing chainsaw revving half-witted sidekick . man , i can't get over just how bad this movie is . this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities . even the obligatory topless babe shot wasn't enough to hold my interest for more than 2 seconds . the writing is bad , the direction is even worse , but both of those things look good in comparison to the acting . this is the sort of movie that they should make people in prison watch . a guarantee you , if criminals thought that they would be subjected to this film they would never break the law again .
[133]	neg	pos	no	but what starts off as a promising john grisham-like story about conscience-stricken lawyers takes an abrupt detour as supernatural forces begin to tinker with the story . it begins like a typical parable where a small-town boy makes it big , but then has to balance his sense of self against the allure of money , power , and greed . but milton is far more than just a corrupt partner of the firm . quite literally , he is the devil in disguise , and as the movie progresses , he reveals some uncanny talents that one could have only if he had sold his soul long ago . freaky and frightening things begin to happen , and after much of the film has elasped , milton's horrifying intent is finally revealed . the movie tries to give us two separate and distinct acts . the first involves the comeuppance of lomax as a big-city trial lawyer . the second focuses on milton and his ulterior motive for employing lomax . unfortunately , the two never mix well into a cohesive story , and what we get are two underdeveloped stories that rely too much on one shaky revelation to tie them together and an impressive production piece to give it an underlying atmosphere . granted , the film is very handsome-looking . you'll enjoy the final scene where the wall mural seemingly comes to life during a heated speech given by pacino . you'll also like the images of power and temptation expressed through the fleshy and flashy parties . you'll also feel the loneliness and insanity that sets in with mary ann , knowing that her husband is slowly drifting away . this was one of the better storylines , but unfortunately , is only a sub-plot . as with all thing's involving the devil , you can expect nothing but the worst . in the first few scenes , reeves anchors the film , but then slowly drifts into the background . his path from self-vanity to self-consciousness is never fully explored . his actions seem arbitrary , and his reasons for them not fully known . pacino's comical portrayal is spirited , but the vanity of his character begins to shift the focus of the movie . there is another plot or two that is introduced , but never gets revisited . the focus seemed inconsistent throughout , and the final payoff seemed quick and cheap . this movie tries to be horrifying , thrilling , and dramatic all at the same time . however , while the devil's advocate strives to get noticed , ultimately it makes very little impression at all .
[134]	neg	neg	yes	acting ) , he still can't be yanked in one direction and then another without making him a little vague . and then there's the special effects . not in themselves--they weren't that good--but their overuse . i was almost positive , until i saw the credits , that the witches of eastwick was either produced by alexander salkind ( who has turned out the slop named superman ii and iii and supergirl ) , because of the big name actors in dopy stunts , or stephen spielberg , after the 18th vomit scene and the nicholson-blown-down-the-street stunt . nope , it's another bunch of guys , and directed by george miller , who has shown great skill with stunts/special effects before ( the road warrior , " nightmare at 20 , 00 feet " episode of twilight zone : the movie ) but apparently doesn't know when to turn off the wind machine and let his people act . f'gawds sake , guys , this is jack nicholson ! let him loose ! let him grin demonically ! skip the splitting earth and fake lightning ! watching the scene where nicholson is tossed out of the car by the voodoo doll , all i could think of was , " what a waste " . if you're going to use slapstick like that , use it up on pee wee herman . nicholson does what he can with the role , and when he can find his bearings , can be extremely good ( the scene in the church , for instance ) , but most of the time , he seems a bit stiff , as if he's not sure what he should be doing next . and no wonder . this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it'd just love to be allegory , but it's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it'll think of something . so what is the witches of eastwick ? a horror movie ? a folk tale ? a comedy ? a statement about women ? an examination of the religious right or comparitive morality ? i tend to think of the image that seems to dominate the movie for me . . . watching someone regurgitate half-digested bits of food and cherry pits all over rooms , people , the screen , and ultimately , the audience . in other words , a mess . ( $2 . 00 ) if you like nicholson enough to watch him here ; maybe 25% of his charm is able to make it through the logjams of others .
[135]	neg	neg	yes	a single original scene . it's a direct rip-off of nearly every james cameron film ( aliens , the abyss , and the terminator films are the most plagiarized ) ; more importantly , it's basically the same movie as last year's deep rising . i liked deep rising simply because it's funny -- it knows it's silly and derivative . virus takes itself seriously . and , in the most serious manner possible , it steals from every good and bad film of the genre , showing you countless familiar scenes , and sporting a cookie-cutter plot that any film of the sci-fi/horror genre could fit with a little trimming . but what is so amazing about virus is how poorly the whole thing has been thought out . okay , let me get this straight -- the alien race ( which is never really explained ) is basically sentient electricity . they need to make themselves physical , so they use a space station to get onto a ship ( which is surrounded by water , but who cares about that ) . on the ship , they make a bunch of clunky , immobile robots that somehow kill three hundred people . after that , they start using the dead people to create half-human , half-machine creatures that look like the terminator but are much worse at walking around . the leader , of course , is a big creature . every film like this has a big creature at the end , but the big creature in virus is so big that it has to tear down the walls to move around . virus is indeed a cliched film , but the central flaw lies in the fact that the computer virus just isn't very threatening . it's established that they can simply turn off the power to stop it , but the virus has sealed the power room by the time our heroes get there . on one level , virus is almost passable fun . it's really gory , and a few of the scenes have interesting camp appeal ( the director , john bruno , worked on a lot of cameron's films ) . there's also a nice array of actors , even though none of them do any acting ( except for donald sutherland , who does a lot of very bad acting ) . the bottom line , however , is this : virus is a bad movie . it rips off a lot of good movies that are worth seeing . in that order , i recommend that you rent any one of the alien films , simply to admire the qualities of a creature that actually threatens our heroes .
[136]	neg	neg	yes	cast surrounding her . delpy's previous credits include such memorable ventures as krzysztof kieslowski's white and richard linklater's before sunrise . she was radiant , charismatic , and effective in both . given the nature and level of the material she has to work with here , she gets as close as possible to those adjectives . it could be argued that delpy is the only reason to see an american werewolf in paris , but even her most devoted fans should consider giving this one a miss . and if your primary objective is catching a glimpse of her in the buff , check out either killing zoe or the passion of beatrice -- those movies have intelligible plots in addition to breasts . the rest of the cast acts at a level considerably below that of delpy -- which is to say , they give performances appropriate for the screenplay . tom everett scott ( that thing you do ) plays the lead like he's in a made-for-tv movie . it would be kind to call him bland . actors vince vieluf and phil buckman , as andy's friends , are no more impressive . julie bowen ( happy gilmore ) is suitably fetching as werewolf meat . and respected french actor thierry lhermitte has a brief turn as another monster meal . on the technical side , it's all bad news . the computer-generated werewolves look painfully unreal . the creatures would probably have been more believable had they been men in wolf suits . repeated use is made of the " werewolf cam " , an infrared wolf's point-of-view approach that's interesting the first couple of times it's employed , then becomes tedious . and the soundtrack includes some alternative grunge rock tunes that clash violently with the on-screen action they're matched to . director anthony waller , who displayed a confident , edgy style in mute witness , stumbles with this material , never being able to make the comedy and horror elements gel . as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel since the howling ii : your sister is a werewolf . ( i will give waller credit for killing off a dog , though -- something that's rarely seen in movies these days . ) an american werewolf in paris is marginally entertaining in a " bad movie " sort of way , but that's a dubious distinction . ultimately , it's an unfortunate effort , for , while it isn't unbearable to sit through , it isn't a howl , either .
[137]	neg	neg	yes	you ask , the original sin was either the eating of the apple , the act of disobedience against god , or the act of betrayal . but in case you didn't know this , don't bother remembering it . . . the words " original sin " never come up in the movie of the same name , let alone the concept of it . the closest the film even gets to catholicism is in its narrative ( the story is told by angelina jolie to her priest while on death row in cuba , circa 1900 ) . regardless of its senseless title , original sin does actually have a plot ( albeit one of the most mangled acts of screenwriting since the art of war , based on the book waltz across darkness ) . boy ( antionio banderas ) places personal ad sometime around 1900 , searching for a wife . since this is a century ago , we narrowly dodge a remake of green card , only to find that the girl ( jolie ) faked her photo and is actually beautiful . skipping a few moderately useless sex scenes ( getting the question out of the way , yes , we get to see angelina jolie's breasts again ) , the girl turns out to be a con artist , swindles boy for his money , and heads for the hills . original sin then briefly tries to be a thriller . we see boy go whore-chasing , saying he wants to find girl and kill her . but as soon as boy actually finds girl , instead of following what might have been a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin/whore complex since milk money . girl toys with the idea of reforming her con-girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place . add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year . don't even bother with original sin , but if you do go , be honest with yourself and admit its pure sex appeal . just keep in mind that although this film may not be the most original on the block , it's much worse than a sin . this is sacrilege .
[138]	neg	neg	yes	back against the nazi-charged evil . her response is , " they have weapons and technology . we just have love . " suffice to say , the characters are strictly two-dimensional , and we therefore don't expect anything more than the obvious to happen . which it does . the only unexpected occurrence is the way the final battle between brothers is played out , which is anticlimactic and disappointing . please note that it is the action that is unexpected . that it is disappointing is not . the film couldn't settle on a particular mood . it seems to move from dark to light with the cuts from scene to scene and even angle to angle . scenes which are seemingly meant to contain deep meaning are ruined by acts of levity . the dramatics , which seem to occur at random , are overly staged and overly acted , detracting from any kind of value or even enjoyment which could otherwise be gleaned . ralph bakshi , the director , makes an obvious attempt to get a message across in this film : hitler and the nazis were bad . so who doesn't know this already ? well , maybe children . okay , so you might say that this is a movie for children . it's not . in the scenes where good fights evil , there's a lot of violence and gore that children should not be seeing if they're watching a cartoon . so is the film for adults ? if so , we probably don't need to be bashed over the head to get the point . why not have the bad guys be symbolic of the nazis instead of using old propaganda in a seriously disjointed attempt to show us something we already know ? wizards gives us a lot of footage of nazi tanks and airplanes , and hitler giving speeches . however , we don't see any reason why they should be considered bad . we see no atrocities being committed , not even any real battle footage . there is absolutely no connection made between the armies of evil and the third reich , and we're not even given a cursory explanation as to why this stuff is inspiring in the first place . this needed to be thought out much more thoroughly if a point were to be made , since subject matter such as this deserves better treatment . i'd like to assume that bakshi was trying to say that the same nationalist movement that drove the nazis could happen anywhere , at any time , and we must therefore be vigilant . however , i'm not sure if i want to give him that much credit .
[139]	neg	neg	yes	former staff and patients . comments : house on haunted hill is based upon the original 1958 film of the same title directed by william castle and starring vincent price . in an obvious homage , the millionaire's name is price and he sports a thin mustache like price used to have . this is a pretty bad horror film , yet bad horror films sometimes are very entertaining , and house on haunted hill is just such a film . it is , surprisingly , better than another recent haunted house remake , the haunting , a film which owes its basis to the classic horror novel by shirley jackson . the haunting had literary pretensions and fell flat on it face . house on haunted hill owes its lineage to a b-movie 40 years old and makes no illusion that it's a crappy horror movie . thus , somehow , it proves slightly more successful . i can't think of another recent film which has had such an eclectic cast . it is this cast which lifts this ho-hum thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in camp horror . price , the main character , is played by geoffrey rush , the academy-award winning actor of shine . rush seems to be making a downward spiral in the movie industry , a spiral reminiscent of ben ( ghandi , schindler's list ) kingsley's ridiculous appearance in the camp sci-fi classic species . i don't know why , but sometimes it's entertaining to see " quality " actors in bad movies . more surprises ? rising star taye diggs plays a stereotypical african american sports figure ( rather lamely too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! ) appears as a tv news reporter . the highlight of the cast , however , has to be saturday night live member chris kattan . kattan's comic sense provides several good humorous moments as he plays the hysterical proprietor of the former sanitarium . while the first half of the film leaves the audience guessing as to what's exactly going on , the second half dissolves into standard ghost story stuff and loses some of its suspense . a disappointingly cheesy ending really mars this movie too . house on haunted hill , i suspect , has just about left the second-run theaters . it's worth catching on cable next year , if you get a chance . if you have a choice , pick this movie over the haunting , it's the better of two evils , you could say . though , more appropriately perhaps , it'd be better to say that it's the better of two turkeys .
[140]	neg	neg	yes	capsule : liebes meets tod . this was a film about sex and death . a morgue attendant accidentally revives a dead woman through necrophilia and brings her into his world which is heavy on orgies . this film says something obscure about the relationship of sex and death , but imparts no insights . to make matter worse this print was poorly subtitled into english from french . 0 ( -4 to +4 ) - an attractive 18-year-old dies on a disco floor and gets sent to a morgue . one of the attendants , ben ( jean-marc barr ) is so attracted by her that he attempts necrophilia . we see him crawling away after a shock . in the middle of sex the dead teen has come back to life . - the morgue attendant was just adding a new form of sex to his collection of kinks . he was already part of a group that gets together for s/m sex . the revived teen , teresa ( elodie bouchez ) joins them . - moral dilemma of teresa's father . ben has abused his daughter's body , but in doing so has saved her life . - part of this opaque allegory is a man saved from suicide who joins in the sexual hijinx . also involved is a man in the final stages of dying of aids , a close friend of the morgue attendant . he does not get involved in the orgies . - the subtitles of our print were white , often on a white background making them often hard to read , but i don't think there was a whole lot of meaning there that was lost . - the title means " don't let me die on a sunday . "
[141]	neg	neg	yes	actually enjoying some of the film's first half hour , which starts off with some promise , but not before bonehead moves after bonehead moves from our protagonist , basinger , just drown the film's entire basis of believability . for some reason , it takes her more time than anyone to figure out that her niece is gifted , and even longer to figure out that every move that she makes . . . is a dumb one ! add that to the entire police force of incompetents , save for jimmy smits ( whose talent agent advised him that playing the exact same cop character from nypd blue would be a good career move ? at least change the clothes , jimmy ! ) , zero scares , zero thrills and even less actual drama , and you've got yourself a pretty bad movie . and why would respected actors like christina ricci and ian holm take bit parts in this movie ? did they owe the director a favor or something ? together , they barely have five minutes of screen time , but i suppose that ricci's hospital room scene might be worth a look for some of you horn-dogs . the worst part about this movie is its hilariously unbelievable ending , which features police officers coming up with the brilliant idea of " sneaking up " on a man's house , who they know to be guilty of a crime ! uuuhmm . . . how's about knocking on the door and arresting his sorry ass , officers ? ! anyway , i don't usually inscribe spoilers in my reviews but the stupidity of some of these characters is just too difficult to describe without validating it with solid idiotic proof ( and there was plenty to go around ) . and did basinger lose some of her acting " talent " during her hiatus from the profession after her 1997 oscar win ? difficult to say if it was her lines that were really bad , or if she just delivered them poorly . either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film . but if you really don't mind a rehashed gobbledygook of various satanic and " kid " -based thrillers , and enjoy watching films that don't bring anything new to the table . . . well , drink some beers , smoke some beans and rent this video , because it may just be one of the funnier thrillers of the year .
[142]	neg	neg	yes	make a lot of money , big daddy got a huge release and has made a lot of cash . it's also nothing special and doesn't deserve the money it's making . but i digress . sandler plays sonny koufax , a unemployed new yorker with a seemingly low mental age . his girlfriend makes a ultimatum to him : either wise up and get responsible , or she's leaving him . by a strange set of events , koufax ends up with julian ( played by twins cole and dylan sprouse ) a five year old kid . after a failed attempt to impress his girlfriend with the child , koufax decides he wants to keep the child . however , social worker mr brooks ( mostel ) finds out that koufax isn't the real father and wants to take julian back . koufax along with his new girlfriend layla ( lauren adams ) fight to keep the child . big daddy really isn't that good . many of the jokes revolve around toilet humour , and supposedly we are meant to find julian and sonny peeing against a wall to be funny . there's the occasional good one liner , but these are usually strangely delivered wrong and lose most of the humour . the film , after all these silly gags , then suddenly turns sentimental , and this is where big daddy really goes from bad to hideous . the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unbelievable , and not helped by the soppy overacting . it's a poor attempt to win over the audience . adam sandler basically plays the same role he has in his last few films ( except the wedding singer . ) joey lauren adams is much , much better , and deserves a far better film than this trash . steve buscemi pops up in a funny cameo , and his scenes are pretty funny . rob schneider is also funny as a crazy delivery man . the two twins who play julian are o . k , they start out rather well , but then becoming annoying and brattish halfway through and finally turn 'all american' wholesome goodness at the end of the film , where the tear juice is turned up high . big daddy is really nothing special , and is not even worth it for a few chuckles . although it is actually well put together , with nice direction , good production design and even some montages , this professionalism can't help the fact that the script and characters are trash . big daddy is for die hard fans of sandler , and that's about it .
[143]	neg	neg	yes	deserves recognition for : making this relatively youthful critic feel extremely old and crotchety20 capsule review : this is what feel-good family entertainment has morphed into in the 90's : an hour-and-a-half commercial , disguised as an unnecessary remake , in which the defining image is that of a grown man launching a volume of green protoplasmic goo out of his ass . ( between this , rocketman , and george of the jungle , disney has recently eclipsed longtime champion troma as the studio most likely to include a fart joke in a film . ) as the absent-minded professor who invents the titular computer-generated goop , a listless robin williams manages the difficult task of making original lead fred macmurray seem sprightly . the only thing that made this film borderline tolerable for me is my newly-founded but firm belief that writer/producer john hughes is going to spend his eternal afterlife being conked in the noggin by all of the different blunt instruments he's used for comedic effect in films like this and the odious home alone series . take your kids to see boogie nights instead .
[144]	neg	neg	yes	show whatsoever , aside from the music . the tv show was about an impossible mission force whose deft teamwork , orchestrated by jim phelps , allowed them to counfound evil dictators of mythic banana republics from inflicting their sordid schemes upon the world . teamwork was the key . this film is set up as a cross between james bond and depalma's " blow out , " where the john travolta character was the victim of real and imagined conspiracies from all directions . it was travolta's vulnerability that made that film so exciting and claustrophobic . in this film , tom cruise is basically omniscient ( believe that ? ) and so there's no fun going on here whatsoever . the story is about as contrived as contrived gets , and is full of holes . there are basically two memorable sequences : one involves breaking into a kubrickesque computer room -- a task that could have been made much easier had the characters a whit of common sense ( suffice it to say that the alarm system is disengaged when the computer operator is in the room ) ; the second involves a high-speed train , a helicopter , and the chunnel and does not have to be seen to be disbelieved . the actors are all miscast , especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife , who cannot act , and ving rhames as a computer hacker ( ! ) , who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie . tom cruise is no james bond , and jon voight looks more like bobby " the brain " heenan than jim phelps . brian depalma's career has been bafflingly erratic . at his best , he beats hitchcock at his own game ( " blow out , " " carrie , " " body double " ) but this is not his best . the screenplay was partly written by robert towne , who wrote the best scenario of the seventies in " chinatown , " but this script is perfunctory at best , and terrrible at worst . the cinematography has a comic book red/blue emphasis , which is nice to look at , but the suspense sequences are all telegraphed and this movie even features the old " killer who talks too much before shooting thus giving the victim time to think of an escape " trick . please don't spend your money on this ; it'll only encourage hollywood to make more .
[145]	neg	neg	yes	) , and sindel . earth's mortal warriors , under the leadership of the benevolent god , lord rayden , includes liu kang , princess kitana , sonya blade and jax , who must fight against outworld's forces . it's an easy enough premise , but unfortunately ( very unfortunately ) , the writers try to do too much with the movie . it is only a video game , after all , but the on-screen version tries to go beyond it's comic book boundaries by adding depth , a conceptualization of self-worth , and worst of all , a love story . this becomes very awkward , because all of the players are fighters and nothing more . they are likable and impressive when they are showcasing their martial arts and fighting skills , but look extremely awkward and uncomfortable when they are required to actually act . this becomes embarrassingly apparent , for example , as the movie tries to develop a romantic bond between liu kang and princess kitana . the original mk was smart in letting the players do what they do best . they spoke little , but fought a lot . thus , the movie was easy to digest . however , mk2 tries to give these players a certain amount of depth , an element that was lacking in the first movie , but the attempt here fails miserably . this uneasy feeling is readily apparent , for example , whenever you hear lord rayden speak . not only does he talk in riddles and offer enigmatic ( e . g . useless ) advice , but he speaks so slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom . try reading this half as fast , and you'll hear what i mean . but the movie is not a complete fatality . fight scenes are well-choreographed , highlighted by terrific acrobatics and agility . and players of the game will be rewarded with the inclusion of practically every character from the video game , although their screen time amounts to nothing more than a cameo . even if you're not familiar with the video game , each fighter has their own costume and unique weaponry to easily differentiate themselves . but it's just too little of what movie-goers and especially fans of the game will expect . oddly , the inclusion of the human element actually pollutes the purity of the mortal kombat essence . and the poor acting results in a muddled movie that offers the viewing audience little chance for survival . ( i am now talking very slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom ) . rent the first one , but the sequel is for kombat fans only .
[146]	neg	neg	yes	: she bashfully reveals bare bumcheeks through the peek-a-boo flap of her pyjamas . ) jim west is the role that finally stymied will smith , whose comic timing has always been hit or miss , as episodes of " the fresh prince of bel-air " demonstrate . smith's a better reactor than actor , which is why he was so thoroughly engaging in men in black-he didn't start out a hero . in wild wild west he's required to exude eastwood cool and amuse at the same time ( and from frame one ) , a difficult feat i'm not sure any living performer could pull off . smith is ill equipped , for example , to handle the moment in which jim west performs stand-up for some rednecks at his own hanging . what attracted sonnenfeld to this material ? this isn't the first time he has adapted a tv show for the big screen ( the addams family , anyone ? ) , but it's the first big stinker of his career as a director . wild wild west is poorly-paced bombast , full of doa gags ( ted levine shows up as a general who uses a gramophone horn for a hearing aid ; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs-he's too intense to get an intentional laugh ) , lousy special effects ( the bluescreening is amateurish-foregrounds are never proportionate to the backgrounds ) , and frequent illogic . ( to wit , its ridiculous villain so badly wants jim west out of the way that he . . . drops him onto a steel platform to do battle with some generic , ugly henchmen , instead of shooting him at point blank rage with one of the many guns on board the tarantula . ) wild wild west's bright spots , such as the cool opening credits sequence , bai ling's all-too-brief appearance as a femme fatale , or the brilliant " his master's voice " joke , are all part of the film's first half , which is more clever and enjoyable , at least , than its second . when , towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west , gordon proposes the idea of building an airplane and west rejects it , there was a collective groan among audience members : it meant we were going to have to sit through another loud action sequence before gordon builds the glider , the invention of which would inevitably lead to the proverbial whiz-bang finale .
[147]	neg	neg	yes	if you have ever seen fox tv's special car chase programs , you'll have a good idea about the content of ronin , the new action " thriller " from director john frankenheimer . the film involves a mysterious briefcase , that several groups of terrorist want to get their hands on . an irish women , dierdre ( played by the truman show's natascha mcelhone ) , hires a group of mercenaries to assist her in getting the briefcase . among the people she hires are sam ( robert de niro ) , vincent ( jean reno ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsg ? rd from good will hunting ) . dierdre's groups assignment is too seize the briefcase while the current owners are transporting it . they accomplish this task , but a traitor is in the bunch and the briefcase is soon on the run again . the briefcase stays on the run , as the movie leads the viewer through several plot twists that are badly executed . the writer seemed to be attempting to make a smart action movie , but failed to understand that just because there are surprises , it doesn't add too the credibility of a senseless script . the plot twists get no reaction because they come at a time where no one cares what is going on , after the apparent climax of the film . but to add to the excitement , as i mentioned earlier , there are endless car chase scenes . they are unrealistic and fail to add anything to the story . don't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here . we never do find out what's in the briefcase , but i doubt anyone cares by the time they finish sitting through this two hour long attempted thriller .
[148]	neg	neg	yes	a better time as west , although he's not nearly as charming as he was in mib . branagh goes excessively over the top as the villain , perhaps to the point where we can't even stand to look at him or his strange beard . and salma hayek is along for the ride to search for her missing father , but mostly she exists just for sexual attention . her acting is barely passable , but what a " breath of fresh ass " . director barry sonnenfeld isn't of great help either . even though he shows some good creativity at some points , his overall urgency for directing is lost . it's as if he feels he's directing a tv movie , a big no-no when you're helming what's supposed to be a big-screen hit . last but not least , there are huge gaps of logic that are just plain unacceptable . at one point , smith defies gravity when first boarding kline's train . he jumps on the back , gets launched straight up in the air , and somehow manages to land three cars ahead on the train- while it's still in motion ! also , he seems to be strangely comfortable talking about racism in front of a lynch mob , particularly considering the fact that his family was killed by the likes of such folks . last but not least , why is he still making kissing faces when he knows he's not kissing a woman as he's looking through a peephole at the enemy ? ! the only saving grace for wild wild west come mostly in the form of special effects . the huge mechanical spider is a technical marvel , very authentic looking and considerable to the creativity of the show . there's also a good sequence involving metal magnet neckbraces and spinning saw blades , but , again , a logic question comes into play regarding their polarity . i would say sit back and have a good time with wild wild west , but it really isn't possible . if the racist and sex jokes don't bother you , the performances will . if the performances don't bother you , the story will . if the story doesn't bother you , the racist and sex jokes will . there's no end to the vicious circle . go rent men in black instead and pretend smith and tommy lee jones are wearing cowboy hats . you'll have a better time . if you do go , keep an eye out for robert conrad in a role as president grant . i bet he wishes he were somewhere else . . .
[149]	neg	neg	yes	conditions who is taking care of him . it doesn't take a genius to foresee that her husband isn't going to be around much longer . is it a shock to find out that the film's climax is an unarmed battle between todd and caine ? who would you guess wins ? some of the scenes would work if this were a comedy . todd's first awakening of human emotion comes when he glimpses connie's nipple poking through her thin blouse . later as he sits by his lonely campfire , a tear rolls down his dramatically lighted cheek in slow motion . supposedly this clich ? isn't meant to be humorous . dastardly col . mekum ( jason isaacs ) with a pencil-thin mustache is as real as snidley whiplash . responsible for last year's quirky and visually enticing but problematic " the fifth element " , director paul anderson sees the film as " shane " in outer space . maybe , if shane were played by sylvester stallone in rambo mode . the movie doesn't even work as an action film . there is never a question as to the outcome . somehow the new superior soldiers don't prove much of a match for todd . the acting isn't anything to write home about . nielsen almost comes across as a real person but is soon relegated to a background victim . russell is buffed-up and does a credible job but it's not much of a challenge . uttering around 100 words during the film , mostly what todd does is hit things and stare grimly into space . gary busey as todd's commanding officer is completely wasted in his low-key role . everything blows up and occasionally it looks cool . sometimes the sets are impressive . unfortunately " occasionally " and " sometimes " don't make a film . most disappointing is that the screenplay is by david webb peoples who wrote " blade runner " , possibly the best science fiction movie ever made . sharp-eyed viewers will notice a few obscure references to that film . peoples says that this is not a " blade runner " sequel , but a " sidequel " that takes place in the same universe . although that may have been the intent in his original script , the result is more like a bad television series that the " blade runner " replicants watch to pass time . perhaps those artificial humans would find this entertaining . ( michael redman has written this column for over 23 years and wants to wish everyone an appropriate halloween . . . whatever you'd like it to be . )
[150]	neg	neg	yes	" what is this , a homicide or a bad b-movie ? " that is the prophetic question asked by one of the leads in one of the early scenes of this movie . let me clear things up for you cupcake , this isn't a bad b-movie , it's a really bad b-movie . so bad , it's almost good . almost , but not quite . the movie starts off in the 1950's with space aliens sending a botched experiment down to earth . it is a bunch of slug-like creatures that kill people and take over their bodies . the slugs' first and only victim in the fifties is cryogenically frozen where he is of no danger to anybody . that is , until two loser university students unfreeze him in 1986 . he , and the slugs inside him , promptly begin wreaking havoc and turning more co-eds into slug zombies . a slightly crazed cop ( tom atkins ) and the requisite girl with the face of an angel ( jill whitlow ) join these two geeky university students ( jason lively and steve marshall ) to do battle with the slugs . it more or less falls on the four of them to make the world safe again from the evil slugs . the acting is bad with a capital b . the story is worse . and the special effects are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you see in a home movie . the only saving grace was the requisite tit-shot courtesy of jill whitlow . it had absolutely nothing to do with the story -- but i liked it . actually , it was the high point of the movie for me . of course , that isn't really saying much . the story moves around in a hap hazard fashion . which gives it a leg up on some other horror films . unlike most movies of this genre , there actually is a story . not a great one , but it is there . this is one in a long line of movies from the 1980's that were thrown together to capitalize off the success of the friday the 13th , halloween and nightmare on elm street movies . you could randomly select a movie out of the horror section of you local video store and probably luck into something just as good if not better . but night of the creeps might make a nice addition to a b-movie horror marathon . just don't be too upset if you can't find it . you really won't be missing that much .
[151]	neg	neg	yes	the most engaging part of the film is the credit sequence , a jawbreaker factory montage inexplicably backed by veruca salt's " volcano girls " ; serving as a blueprint for the rest of the film , the song has absolutely nothing to do with the footage we're watching . just close your eyes and pretend you're listening to an alt-rock station ; you won't be missing anything . the blame for a mess this big has to be spread around among the principals . rebecca gayheart , following roles in " scream 2 " and " urban legend " , should have known better than to take yet another role in yet another teen body count movie . pam grier has totally wasted any credibility she might have gotten from her role in quentin tarantino's " jackie brown " . and rose mcgowan should just quit acting . she has no charisma , no presence , and no acting skills other than rolling her eyes and looking disaffected . mcgowan manages to be upstaged by her real-life boyfriend , rocker marilyn manson , whose fifteen second role here is far more interesting than anything any of the " real " actors are doing . manson , sans trademark makeup & contact lenses , and with an obviously fake moustache , looks eerily like nicholas cage ; who woulda thunk it ? that crack about direction by committee wasn't merely a pithy sound-bite . stylistically , thematically & narratively , " jawbreaker " is all over the map , varying wildly in tone & content from scene to scene . though credited solely to writer/director darren stein , one gets the feeling that no two scenes here were actually guided by the same hands . if stein was indeed responsible for the whole of this atrocity , someone needs to get the man some drugs , pronto . prozac , lithium , kava , ritalin , something , anything . he's quite obviously in desperate need of chemical help . " jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i've ever seen . to call " jawbreaker " garbage would be to insult garbage . bad flicks for the rest of the year are safe ; i've already got my pick for worst film of '99 . " jawbreaker " runs approximately 90 minutes , though it feels longer than " titanic " , and is rated r for language , sexual situations and graphic violence . not recommended for kids , teens , or anyone else .
[152]	neg	neg	yes	can you say " dated " ? you can if you've seen rosemary's baby which , like the exorcist , was a thrilling horror film in its time but seems boring and laughable in the decades that have passed since its original release . " mystery science theater 3000 " has skewered the bad films of the past , but let me tell you , it could do a number on the " good " ones too . rosemary's baby stars mia farrow ( from the time she was actually good-looking ) as an innocent housewife and her not-so-innocent husband ( john cassavettes ) , an actor who takes an easy , albeit evil , road to success . it all seems so harmless in the beginning . mia and john move into an apartment where several past murders have been committed . ( there's also a skull in the living room , but it's only for decoration . ) their elderly neighbors pop in for a housewarming . all's well for about the first hour of this slow-moving film , until mia eats some of the neighbors' chocolate mousse and passes out . when she comes to , she finds herself in a darkened room with a bunch of people yelling and dancing like savages and a big , evil man raping her -- a foreshadowing of her future life with woody allen . it seems like a dream and , when she finds herself pregnant , she almost forgets about it . and everyone's helping with the pregnancy . the neighbors have some wonderful vitamin potions for her to drink , a good-luck charm for her to wear around her neck , and the name of an obstetrician who's been in the business 66 . 6 years . meanwhile , mia begins having chronic stomach pains and losing a lot of weight . before too long she looks just like the lead singer of the cranberries . that's when you know your health's failing . the only person in the movie who's the least bit suspicious of all this is an old friend ( maurice evans ) who calls mia up to give her the bad news -- and immediately falls into a coma . by about the two-hour mark i felt the same way . rosemary's baby is way too long , and leads up to a payoff that's about as boring and laughable as the rest of the movie . i guess someone put a spell on this movie .
[153]	neg	neg	yes	too much time on its hands makes a list detailing all of the people that its members think might be suspects . at the top of the list is ritchie . vinny , an unwilling part of the said group , is called upon to set a trap for his friend . as we watch these proceedings , some of which are painfully graphic , the dreaded " so what ? " question springs to mind . from the way this movie is made , i'd have guessed that spike lee was trying to tell us something , but as i searched deeper it became clear that there is very little there to find . lee touches on so much -- the media , the 70's punk scene , the details of the actual killings , as well as the characters' very personal dilemmas -- but he doesn't bring all of his topics together to form a coherent theme or make a discernible statement . all is not lost if a movie turns out to be hollow ; it can be a saving grace for the film to be enjoyable . too bad summer of sam doesn't get any help here . frankly , it's a bore , a redundant and repetitive two hour and twenty minute film that doesn't entertain beyond its first half hour . there is no suspense because the film refuses to be fully about the murders and little involving drama because the film is too muddled and its focus too vague . leguizamo's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny . the script makes it clear that we're supposed to believe that his character is flawed , but still a good guy . you'd never guess from his performance . adrian brody and especially mira sorvino fare better . sorvino gives a riveting , touching performance in a banal movie ( i'm tempted to think that i liked her because nearly everything else around her was inane ) ; her character is affecting and her emotions true-to-heart . brody , too paints an effective portrait of a young guy desperate for attention who gets a little more than he bargained for . summer of sam has some superficial elements of a good film : it looks great , it has a few notable performances and i suppose it's pretty well directed , in a purely technical way . but it's also empty , pretentious and boring . like last year's the thin red line , it's a movie by a director who doesn't know what he wants to say but goes ahead and says it anyway . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
[154]	neg	neg	yes	wow , a film without any redeeming qualities whatsoever . i'm amazed that someone thought this was a story that must be told on screen . many blacks in hollywood complain that they are not nominated for awards based on their race . i think first they need to concentrate their energy on themselves , and stop making movies which makes them look like nothing more than sex-crazed buffoons . even i'm offended by it . bill bellamy is a " player " which means he sleeps with a lot of women and lies to them . what a pleasant main character . one day , his friends decide that they want to find out how to be a player . why they decide this " one day " i have no idea . how many years have they been friends and why all of a sudden would they want to learn ? anyway , bellamy agrees to teach , and his wonderful lesson to his friends consists of letting them ride in his car while he rides from house to house having sex with women . this is the bulk of the film folks , guys riding from house to house , one keeps getting out to have sex , while the others sit in the car . since russell simmons is producer , and since the official title of the film is " def jam's how to be a player " , i was ready to be jumping up and down and stomping my feet and beating the person next to me because of the comedy . amazingly , aside from gilbert gottfried's 90 seconds of screen time , there was no comedy in the film for me to express myself in such a manner . instead of jokes , there's just an endless stream of profanity and naked breasts ( and naked breasts aren't so bad , but naked breasts alone don't make a good movie ) . be sure to bring along your ebonics to english dictionary as well . gilbert gottfried's character serves as one in his very brief appearance , asking for explanations as to what is being said . they should have brought him along for the entire film . [r]
[155]	neg	neg	yes	bob the happy bastard's quickie review : the odd couple ii grumpy old men , it ain't . hell , my fellow americans , it ain't . walter matthau and jack lemmon team up again for an even more worn out vehicle than any of their films over the past few years . odd couple ii feels terribly generic , where in the first movie , made thirty one years ago , feels like a wonderful tale . that's like repackaging campbell's soup in a generic food can , really . how writer neil simon could've made such a horrible mistake in screen writing is beyond me . throughout the movie , i really didn't laugh once . honestly . i mean , there were dumb situations , yeah , like the cropduster who let these old geezers have it without any notice , but they just really didn't seem funny to me . and that car rolling off the cliff ? the only way i would've seen humor in that is if they were still in it . and the ending gets all super-mushy , too . in the final twenty minutes or so , lemmon meets a girl he thinks is the one , then loses her ; matthau talks to his son ( a wasted jonathan silverman ) about his amrriage to lemmon's daughter ; and , of course , lemmon and matthau have another roomie situation on their hands . ooh , i really gave a lot away there , i'm sure . consider it a hospitable gester , you won't waste your time renting this muck .
[156]	neg	neg	yes	controlled by their fantasies rather than reality . that's interesting but the movie doesn't do anything with it other than crash land the sub-theme into a labored speech in the midst of a badly staged gun battle . the film has good moments ( many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear , especially his confrontation with zellweger ) , an almost soothing , lyrical score ( and you know a movie's in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about it ) but nothing jells , it's parts , good or bad , are so disparate as to be opposing . the film might have worked had it settled on being one type of film , a mainstream , female forrest gump or an oddball art film , but as both if it falls as flat as diet coke . betty's screenplay makes the mistake of relying too much on concurrence , without which betty wouldn't make any progress in the film . nurse betty is a film driven by coincidence rather than charter , like how betty becomes a nurse in the film , a job that she takes in order to get closer to her imaginary lover ; she happens to be at the hospital at the exact moment that a drive by shooting takes place and miraculously knows how to take care of the victim's wound because she happened to see how on tv , which leads to her being offered a room with the victim's girlfriend who eventually gets betty into a party where she meets kinnear ? ? ? a little too tidy , don'tcha think . betty has an interesting theme , though it doesn't even seem aware of this . the current state of tv has been leaning towards reality television what with the enormous success of survivor and moderate success of big brother , with more on the way . this is a film about a women so deluded as to think that her favorite soap opera is reality ( ironically real-life survivor sean kennif has taken a part as a doctor on the soap opera guiding light ) . instead of exploring this timely matter in a way relating to the current tv craze ( since the film does largely appear to be a satire of television , albeit one that would feel more appropriate in the '80s than the '00s ) , the film simply uses betty's delusions as a plot device to get her from point a to b . no progress is made and little is unearthed except that maybe labute could use a bit of rest and a lot of contemplation .
[157]	neg	neg	yes	what do you get when you rip-off good movies like woody allen's bananas and martin scorsese's after hours ? you'd think you'd get the best of both films . instead you get woo . falling in somewhere between def jam's how to be a player ( which was awful ) and booty call ( which was ok ) , woo is yet another in the embarassing genre of showing african-americans to be nothing more than sexual buffoons . the whole film plays out as a black version of after hours , as wild woman woo ( jada pinkett smith ) goes out on a blind date with straight-laced tim ( tommy davidson ) . mayhem follows them . for some unknown reason ( read : contrived screenplay ) davidson puts up with all of woo's antics for the entire night , which include her destroying his bathroom mirror , stealing things from his house , violently questioning him ( accusing and belittling him actually ) about previous girlfriends , causing a riot in an elegant restaurant , and other various infuriating things that any normal person wouldn't tolerate . but for the sake of this bad movie ? sure , why not ? there are a few chuckles in the film , the best being the scene swiped directly from bananas . in this case , davidson is running from thugs , gets into a subway car as the doors are closing , starts to taunt the thugs , then the doors open back up again . a good joke , but a stolen one . another chuckle is provided by billy dee williams' cameo as himself . movies like woo are seemingly released every three months or so , and not one of them has ever been a hit . woo won't be one either . so why was it made ? and more importantly , isn't there anyone else besides me who thinks these films are offensive ? everyone involved should really reconsider their careers at this point . [r]
[158]	neg	neg	yes	more than an occasional flash of personality ) is sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a guidance counselor at florida's blue bay high school . a student , the deliciously curvaceous kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , has a crush on him . one afternoon , she comes to his house to wash his car , and , when she leaves , her clothing is torn . after confessing to her mother ( theresa russell ) that she was raped , she goes to the police station , where she tells her story to detectives ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphne rubin-vega ) . they are skeptical about here claims until another girl , suzie toller ( neve campbell ) , comes forward with a similar tale . meanwhile , sam , convinced that he's being set up , goes to a shyster lawyer ( bill murray ) for help . the acting in wild things isn't very good , but none of the principals have much to work with . this is definitely not a character- based motion picture . not only does the ludicrous screenplay ignore the possibility that someone in the audience may have a triple-digit i . q . , but it doesn't bother to give any of the on-screen individuals even a hint of depth . the men and women populating the picture are there to look nice , but nothing more . matt dillon is given plenty of opportunities to flex his biceps . neve campbell gets to model the slutty look . denise richards strikes a fetching pose in a see-through , one-piece bathing suit . and nothing in the film gets a rise out of kevin bacon . the only one who's even remotely interesting is bill murray , and he seems to think he's in comedy , not a thriller ( maybe he's got the right idea ) . columbia pictures has specifically requested that critics not reveal the film's ending , which prompts the question : which ending do they want kept secret ? wild things has no less than three ( one occurs during the end credits , so stay seated ) , all of which are jaw-droppingly absurd -- a feat that joe eszterhas ( the writer of basic instinct and showgirls ) would be impressed by . thanks to jeffrey kimball's polished , kinetic cinematography , wild things always looks great , and george s . clinton's score keeps it pulsing and throbbing . but , no matter how shiny the superficial sheen is , this is still trash , and , like all garbage , it stinks .
[159]	neg	pos	no	of observation . it was not the actor s presence that pleased me as much as the role he was cast in the role of a proclaimed genius . rapaport is an actor who i usually see in the role of the dimwit the really , really dopey dimwit . i hardly recognized him in " metro , " and it was quite a joy to be able to see him in a role like this i feel that i respect him more . there are two main types of villains in movies like this : the ones that are part of the story , and the ones that are devices . the villain in " metro " is no more than a device , but he is a darn good villain nonetheless . he is played by michael wincott , whose voice is pushed out in a abraded rasp , as if he smokes a cigarette between every take . wincott makes his villain , korda , as mean as could be , the classic type of villain who would push an old lady down a flight of stairs just for kicks , like richard widmark in " kiss of death . " and , in addition , wincott s physical appearance and mannerisms , in the film , actually reminded my of an arrogant friend i use to have , who is no longer on my good list . i liked " metro , " and i do not think would have worked with any other actor but eddie murphy . his past roles were the great ones but they were also a precursor to the maturing that would later take place , possibly from murphy s growing as a person , now having a family . " metro " is a no-nonsense movie . it works as a buddy movie , which it does not overplay . it works as a dry comedy , which it does not overplay . it works as a suspense film , which it does not overplay . and it works as an action film , where it does have a tendency to occasionally go all-out . but who cares ? it still remains serious , and it does not overdo itself . oh , and there were plenty of explosions in " metro , " as well . how nice it was of the filmmakers to give us those . if there is one major objection i had to " metro " , it was the length , an area where a lot of action films seem to wear out their welcomes . " metro " is a film that lasted a little too long , but it was still entertaining , and it gave me something to do while i waited for it to end . paul haynes " >
[160]	neg	neg	yes	instead got the unpleasant rawness of a teenager showing younger kids his collections of dirty pictures . it's a ripoff . the story opens with a rock star being murdered while in the throes of orgasm . the biggest suspect is an authoress , catherine tramell ( sharon stone ) , who wrote a novel in which the murder was eerily presaged . or maybe it's the work of a copycat ? these and other plot threads get fed to the detective who's on the case ( michael douglas ) , who has a few problems himself . like we wonder if his elevator goes to the top floor . we can measure with a stopwatch the time from them setting eyes on each other to the moment they are doing the mattress dance . joe eszterhas has written the screenplay , and he uses a device that he used before in the much better jagged edge : the killer's identity is kept a secret until the movie's final shot . this isn't in itself a problem -- the problem is that up until that point , we've been given nothing to work with . every clue in the movie -- every clue -- is ambiguous . the whole thriller aspect of the movie is a shill . red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets . they add up to zip , because they're not happening to people we care about . douglas's character is foulmouthed and bitter and that's it ; stone's character has an iron-on smile that never changes ; the rest are forgettable . when we don't even have the luxury of giving a damn about anyone in the movie , who cares what happens in it ? especially with an ending that is not only unsatisfying , but in many ways inexplicable ? ( a friend of mine once came up with a rule of thumb about movie characters : " if no one in the movie behaves like anyone you know , or would * care * to know , just leave ! " ) one of the nastier things about the movie is the way it treats lesbianism not as an integral part of someone's life , but as a kind of kink -- something to thrill men with . i despair whenever i encounter this kind of stupidity in mainstream entertainment ; are we still so culturally neanderthal that the only way to include something like that in a big-budget hollywood film is as a hefnerism ?
[161]	neg	neg	yes	when we see the actual crime we have no idea why gal was so important to its success . beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him . any local hood could have done what gal is needed for . additionally the crime involves digging from a swimming pool to the bank vault , flooding the vault . no only could they have let the water out of the pool and avoided the complication altogether , but there is by far too much water to be accounted for by what was in the pool . in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar . i know i have seen all the plot elements of sexy beast in old westerns like the law and jake wade . the story is usually of the reformed outlaw , a robert taylor type , who has hung up his guns and is trying for a life of peaceful respectability . the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im . it is not a great plot . in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards . perhaps the film has a little more respectability because it was made not as a western but as a stylish british gangster film . it is an old plot dressed up to look new . if the plot is old , at least the style is creative . this is director jonathan glazer's first film , but he has reputedly done some notable tv ads for guinness stout . his style does have some unexpected touches including some very odd dream sequences . cinematographer ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes . we see one side of a person's faces . but the other side fades into the darkness , a sort of metaphor for the half-world these characters in-habit . half of everything that is happening is also kept hidden . we yanks will have a hard time with some of the dialog . at least in my theater it was difficult to make out the words with the quiet speaking , the heavy accents , and the cockney language . sexy beast is a very and familiar minor plot lent respectability in the us by being done in what is here a still somewhat novel genre , the london crime film . the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western . further respectability comes from ben kingsley's high-powered performance . i give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[162]	neg	neg	yes	course , and , as one-dimensional characters , they are all fanatically obssessed with how their local high school football team performs . yes , this movie represents high school life in mtv-land . this is a land where your health teacher is also a part-time stripper , your ice cream store attendant girlfriend wears an egyptian ankh around her neck , your kid brother forms a " cute " cult , your football coach is an uncaring , obssessive madman , and your friends' lives consist of nothing but getting laid and driving around in cop cars naked . all you , as the main character , want to do , however , is read " slaughterhouse five " and attend brown university in the fall . well , at least this is a little more realistic than mtv's " the real world . " varsity blues stars james van der beek , this week's teen tv star making the leap to the big screen . he plays the hick moxxon adequately , though some of his emotional dialogue will make people chuckle . ( " you dawn't own mah life ! " who would want to ? ) jon voight , the stock evil guy in countless other movies , is , surprise , the stock evil guy here . but is he really evil , or is he a product of society ? after all , everybody , young and old , in this movie has no life whatsoever and do nothing but obssess over high school football . maybe the pressures of the 90 screaming fans at the football field drove evil coach kilmer evil . the film's screenplay never answers this burning question . at times , iliff's story does show glimmers of touching or humorous scenes , but , before the audience gets their hopes up that there might be something redeeming in this movie , they get trashed with another lengthy party sequence or overwrought football game . the movie's pacing is slow , and the plot turns are mindnumbingly obvious from start to finish . i suppose i'm being a little hard on varsity blues . maybe i'm just a little miffed that i had to pay 3 bucks to see it , even though it was dollar night at the cinema . something about a request from the studio made the theater charge more money . i found the film oftentimes ludicrous and boring . three guys in front of us smuggled beer into the the theater . i wished i had thought of that . alcohol , lots of it , may have helped the viewing experience .
[163]	neg	pos	no	susan granger's review of " american outlaws " ( warner bros . ) thomas edison's " the great train robbery " ( 1903 ) was the first western ever made and " jesse james under the black flag " ( 1923 ) first introduced the outlaw folk hero . now , more than 20 similarly-themed pictures later , jesse james and his notorious gang of outlaws ride again in a banal mtv spin on an american legend . the story begins as jesse ( charasmatic colin farrell ) and his brother frank ( gabriel macht ) , cole and scott younger ( scott caan , will mccormack ) and trusty comanche tom ( nathaniel arcand ) , after four years of fighting for the rebs in the civil war , return to liberty , missouri - only to discover union troops are occupying their hometown . and an avaricious east coast railroad baron , thaddeus rains ( harris yulin ) , is forcing farmers to sell their land at less than true value , aided by allan pinkerton ( timothy dalton ) and his infamous detectives who , back then , were just thugs who provided security . but when ma james ( kathy bates ) becomes one of their victims , jesse and the rest of the guys ( gregory smith , ty o'neal , joe stevens ) form the james-younger gang to wreak revenge by attacking the railroad's supply lines , sabotaging track and robbing the banks where the payroll is kept . plus there's romance - between jesse and a spunky hometown gal , lee mimms ( ali larter ) . working from a politically-correct , clich ? -drenched , sanitized and revisionist screenplay by roderick taylor and john rodgers , director les mayfield keeps the action fast-paced and goes for lightweight laughs when he can . the choppy editing hurts but russell boyd's cinematography , luke reichle's designer duds and trevor rabin's music lend authenticity . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " american outlaws " is a galloping , formulaic 3 . it's the wild west re-visited as a date movie .
[164]	neg	neg	yes	running time . knock off seems to have an interesting premise ( as far as action films go ) , but there's no semblance here . for instance , van damme is introduced , and then seconds later he's running a chariot race through the streets of hong kong . why ? who knows . what are the implications of this ? i have no idea . most action films abandon depth in favor of action , and this is normally a problem . knock off , however , is the first film that i would have preferred to see with all of the talky sequences cut . the acting is embarrassingly bad : rochon , in particular , delivers each of her lines with stiff and talentless insincerity . sorvino , in addition , deserves better than this . van damme is bad , but he's charming in that bad way , and so i can't say that he's hard to watch ( although i rarely understood what he was saying ) . the only exception is rob schneider , who is actually quite funny a lot of the time . tsui utilizes so many tricks that he makes john woo look tame by comparison . they're all pointless gimmicks though , such as shots of the inner-workings of a knock off running shoe . but his action scenes are never boring : one particular piece inside of a fruit factory ( a fruit factory ? ) is well-choreographed . lots of the scenes are pitched well to comedy , such as our heroes' first encounter with the rochon character . but did tsui know that his film is beyond ludicrous ? i hope he did , for the alternative is a frightening thought . knock off has the feel of a truly terrible exercise in camp mania . if it were boring , i'd give it zero stars . but it's not boring : it's loud and excessive and completely incoherent . it's also funny , even when it isn't meaning to be funny . a bad film that succeeds as entertainment doesn't deserve to be fully lambasted . i recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness , but i can't deny it's zany , useless charm . oh , i know , they're just action scenes looking desperately for a real story , but they're fun action scenes amongst a crowd of laughably inane concepts . it's fun to admire the awfulness of a film like this , but that doesn't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful .
[165]	neg	neg	yes	the entire movie where you get that feeling of . . . . speed . this lack-of-speed problem affects many sequences . such as the oil tanker part . . . . . it was - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! " , 20 minutes later - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! " 20 min . . . . you get the point . this movie failed simply because it didn't live up to it's name . . . . there was very little feeling of speed . in the original movie , the lead characters had to make split second decisions to survive . . . . . in this movie it felt more like - " well people , we're gonna run into that there island in a few hours - i think i might stroll over to engineering and see if i can't turn off the engines . . . i'm passing the cafeteria on the way , can i get anybody anything ? " the ending of this movie really is terrible . even though it features what i've since found out is one of the most expensive sequences ever in a movie - it just doesn't work at all . the part where the liner crashes through the town looks very realistic , but . . . . surprise surprise - it just takes waaaaay too long . it seemed to go for 15 minutes before the ship finally stopped . one thing that struck me as extremely poor scriptiing was that as the ship crashes through the harbour and town , around 25 people are killed by the ship . . . . and there's only 15 or so people left on the ship . so when it stops safe and sound and the characters are all cheering - the audience is sitting back and thinking - " wait a sec . . . this is a happy moment because ? " bang bang then there was the dog . . . . . i almost fell out of my seat when i saw the bit with the dog dodging the falling debris . putting a dog in peril has become the ultimate hollywood cliche . . . . . . every movie seems to have a 'dog-in-danger' sequence - volcano , dante's peak , independence day , daylight , twister . lost world . . . . . . etc , etc . this movie is a perfect example of how not to make a sequel . director jan de bont should try watching the orignal movie and this one back-to-back and see if he realises where he went wrong .
[166]	neg	neg	yes	the strikeout . about the only positive thing this film had going for it was the fact that it sports some nice scenery . to be fair , the first half-hour or so promises at least a watchable thriller . wolf larson , who bears more than a passing resemblance to hugh grant , adequately plays the underling obviously set up as the killer of the film's title . james brolin and kelly lebrock seem equally adequate as the loving couple larson will later threaten . brolin's character , for some inexplicable reason , thinks its a great idea to spend some time in a cabin , practically isolated , with lebrock and larson , whom he's decided to test for the week before giving him full control of his company . by the time the characters arrive at the cabin , this film begins to become tedious . apparently , brolin's successor's test involves chopping wood for the fireplace and skiing , which don't seem like attributes necessary to run a business in the city . but , then again , what do i know about business ? i do think , though , that they should have invested in some better furniture for the cabin ; its beds and closets have a habit of just breaking at the slightest touch . larson's character accidently kills his own wife rather than the couple he wants to kill . this leaves the movie with an hour to go and only three characters , which really isn't enough to sustain it . the film's writer must have taken a cue from stephen king , as scenes from tracks of a killer seem lifted out of misery and gerald's game . larson and lebrock fight and torture each other ( the tables get turned a couple of times ) while brolin tramps around in the snow looking for help . some old guy's around too , just so the killer can add to his body count without killing the couple , who everyone knows will be alive at the end of the film . the old guy , however , miraculously survives his first death and appears later to be killed again by the killer in a scene so ludicrous it's worthy of a chuckle or two . outside of that chuckle , unfortunately , tracks of a killer will just bore you as the obvious plot is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors , for some reason , become increasing obnoxious . if you're in a video store and thinking about renting this turkey , don't . make tracks to a far superior suspense film , like misery .
[167]	neg	neg	yes	something all those directors did very well : show and don't tell . de palma used to know how , but seems to have forgotten . this is mentally-challenged filmmaking ; they assume the audience won't get what's going on , so they explain everything five times over . fourth-graders may appreciate this , but more learned viewers will have their intelligence insulted . the principal actors sleepwalk their way through " mission to mars , " never managing to do away with an apparent " i'm just here to get a paycheck " attitude . cheadle stumbles over his awkward lines . armin mueller-stahl manages to thoroughly embarrass himself in an unbilled cameo . robbins puts his game face on and phones in his standard " decent guy " performance . and sinise hams it up with " wistful " facial expressions while watching tapes of his dead wife ( played by kim delaney , who only has one scene during which she still manages to deliver some ridiculous dialogue in a heavy-handed monologue about the meaning of life ) , and especially during the stolen-from-no-less-than-three-movies ( a lollipop to whoever names them ) conclusion , which combines endless , obvious explanation and sub-par cgi effects with gagging sentimentality and is sure to alienate any viewers who had been enjoying the show up until then . and of course , these aliens from mars who facilitated the evolution of life on earth are entirely different from the aliens in " 2001 " who facilitated the evolution of life on earth ; those aliens were from an * unknown * world . it could be said that fans of brainless action films might enjoy " mission to mars , " but such a comment ignores the fact that the film is also incredibly slow-going . leisurely pacing might have helped a film with a little more substance to it , but all of the substance of " mission to mars " has been stolen from other films , and those other films dealt with their ideas in a much more thoughtful fashion and generally contained more engaging characters . supposedly we're intended to choke up when one character decides not to return home at the end of this one ( totally different from the one-character-decides-not-to-return ending of " armageddon " ) , but i suspect most people will either be laughing or groaning . me , i alternated between the two . there is only one good thing about the way " mission to mars " finally ends : the fact that the movie is over .
[168]	neg	neg	yes	after adams experiences the interior of the sphere , no one bothers to ask him what happened . their history together is an intriguing plot device but is barely exploited . even goodman and halperin's ill-conceived affair when she was his student is just mentioned in passing . her psychotic tendencies are talked about but never convincing . there's a truism that items shown early in a movie must be used before the ending , but here they are far too obvious . when an emergency mini-sub is explained , you know what's going to happen . the movie affectations are nothing more than distracting . chapter headings that divide the movie have no function . the shaky camera work muddies already perplexing chaos . much of what goes on is confusing and difficult to follow . although some of the disorientation eventually is understandable , a great deal of it isn't . even a science fiction film must be internally consistent . there's too much here that doesn't make sense . are the manifestations real ? the jellyfish kill queen latifa ( in a throw-away role ) and the squid nearly destroys the outpost , but the bites of the fatal snakes have no effect . a scene in the sub suggests that it's illusion , but earlier episodes indicate that it's not . not everything has to be explained to death , but there are major questions that the film never answers . where the ship came from is clarified , but how it ended up on the ocean floor in 1709 is merely alluded to . even the enigmatic sphere is still mysterious when the credits roll . the climax is followed by 15 minutes of epilogue that does little but weaken the already labored tale . after pre-release audience testing , the actors were called back to re-shoot the ending . it's difficult to imagine how the original could have been worse . following the recent tradition of lengthy films , this weighs in at over two very long hours . the weak scenes could have been cut , but then there wouldn't have been much left . the movie was supposedly held up by effects work , but there's nothing special on the screen . we never even see the monstrous squid or the menacing storm . stealing from " alien " , " the abyss " and the disastrous " event horizon " , this film has learned nothing from them . remarkably levinson and hoffman's other currently showing film is " wag the dog " , a smart and entertaining piece of work . this one could have been titled the same sans one word .
[169]	neg	neg	yes	sorvino is unconvincing and terribly overwrought as schneider's cia superior ; and lela rochon , playing an investigator for the jeans company , spends the entire movie in perpetual snarl mode . in rochon's defense , though , her role requires her to do little more than display her toned legs , exquisite bone structure , and perky bosoms , the latter coming in handy for one key scene where she must fish for microbombs stuck in her ample cleavage . tsui picks up where he left off visually in _double_team_ , juicing up the proceedings with inventive camera work . here , though , tsui's visual razzle dazzle borders on over kill , coming off as desperate attempts to shield the inanity of the entire enterprise . for each nifty trick tsui pulls off , such as a recurring visual theme that has the camera literally going through the circuitry of electronic devices , there are others that are completely superfluous . this is especially disconcerting when the trick in question could be clever when used in the right context . for instance , one scene early on has marcus putting his hand in a box . as he puts his hand in , the same action is shown from an overhead camera angle in a rectangle at the corner of the screen . it's undoubtedly an interesting visual , but it would have been nice if its use actually amounted to something . the test of a van damme movie boils down to the action sequences , but surprisingly , those in _knock_off_ leave much to be desired . tsui does what he can to make something of them , employing freeze frames , blurred motion , and unconventional camera angles , but there is nothing fundamentally special about the fairly generic chase and fight sequences written by desouza . there isn't anything as preposterously amusing as the climactic tiger/land mine fight in _double_team_ , let alone anything remotely close to tsui's legendary hong kong works ( but that's a given going in ) . if tsui has any hope of approaching his countryman john woo's stateside success , he would do best to break free from van damme . . . before it's too late . if he continues his involvement with b-grade movies such as _knock_off_ , the respect he has from hk action fans will continue to diminish . . . that is , if it hasn't already disappeared entirely after this fiasco .
[170]	neg	neg	yes	upon first viewing of this movie , the phrases " been there " and " done that " come quickly to mind . spy hard manages to steal almost every joke from the zucker brothers films , the most popular of which are airplane and the naked gun series . stealing stuff can be profitable in this industry , but only when you steal the right stuff . what little plot there is involves dick steele , aka . agent wd-40 ( leslie nielsen ) trying to save the world from an almost deranged madman played by andy griffith . along the way to it goal ( goal ? ) , the film manages to spoof mainly the james bond type films , but also manages to hit on films such as home alone and sister act . the trick about spoofing is that you have to actually be funny , or at the least , satirical . spy hard achieves neither , as it borrows all of the wrong elements from the superior zucker brothers films . the " dick , the world is in danger . what is it ? well , it's a big roundish ball floating in space around the sun . . ( i'm paraphrasing ) " type of exchange is used at least four times in the opening ten minutes of the film , each time getting progressively less funny . what they should have stolen were the background sight gags which were so effective in the zucker brother's films while writing their own dialogue . director rick friedberg focuses more on the mug shots of his actors ( especially nielsen , who can do this quite well ) than on the delivery and context of their lines , much of the time cutting the punchline short . the whole film seems to be in a race with itself to be over , as is evident in the final sequence , where there is no comedic denouement after the climax . as was usual in the zucker brothers films and in spy hard , the end credits tend to replace this by being out of context . one of the more amusing was , " captain of the enterprise . . . . . . james t . kirk " . overall , i thought this was a very weak effort . while all of the right films to spoof were chosen , they used none of the right spoofing methods . next time they should " spy " a little bit harder . * * * * = excellent . one of a kind . must see . * * * = entertaining . worth the price of admission . * * = fair . nothing much special . * = what were they thinking ? ?
[171]	neg	neg	yes	the only 90 minute films that i've gotten bored through . men in black has defied the odds . when i first saw that the flick was 89 minutes long , i thought maybe that this was a poor attempt at an independence day type film that just ran out of gas . however , i now realize that not only did men in black run out of gas , but the film in 90 minutes manages to show off a very original idea ( which summer audiences have embraced ) that becomes old about 25 minutes into the movie . tommy lee jones and will smith play two " government " agents who are responsible for keeping order in alien society . the ridiculous plot begins when an alien " bug " , played weirdly by vincent d'onofrio , who was so great in full metal jacket , lands on earth to retrieve a galaxy that's somewhere on " orion's belt . " anyway , the basic plot revolves around jones and smith to stop this bug from getting the galaxy , or a higher power will blow up the earth . the premise is ridulous , but that is not why i didn't like this film . i love original plots . this one had an original one . but director barry sonnenfeld did something to this film that ruined its plot : he made the film drag and also put in unncessary elements in it that are found in romance films . whenever i saw d'onofrio's bug stomp and eat people in the film , it got terribly boring after a while . while smith's wise-cracks did fill in the gaps , it wasn't enough . and also , i cannot believe the screenwriters elected to have a sub-plot where tommy lee jones missed his former lover because as an alien agent , they can't have contact with any humans really . and here i see jones , at a satellite computer , watching his lover plant the garden ? a sentimental moment in an alien movie ? nice try , but i don't think so . it doesn't work here . it just makes the movie even more ridiculous and even more boring : we don't only have aliens to worry about , but now we have jones's conscience . i came into the movie not wanting to see jones's conscience , but wanting to see a real action movie that had lots of aliens in it . maybe it's unfair that i partly judged this movie on what my expectations were . nevertheless , even though some parts are indeed funny , the plot in this movie grew old and boring -- quick .
[172]	neg	neg	yes	a altmanesque series of parallel stories . hitmen lee ( james spader ) and his partner dosmo ( danny aiello ) pop a guy in bed while leaving his drugged wife becky fox ( teri hatcher ) lying next to him showing the audience where on her behind she got nicely pricked . an understandeably shocked becky runs out of the house the next morning before hailing down a couple of vice cops , ( jeff daniels ) and wes ( eric stoltz ) . a murder is not vice territory , flirting with asian prostitues is , but wes would rather play inquisitive detective . meanwhile , washed-up director , teddy ( paul mazursky ) is about to end his life . but before he can do that , he must find a good home for his dog . enter nurse audrey ( marsha mason ) , who takes the dog and teddy for a ride . stuffy art dealer , allan hopper ( greg cruttwell ) has kidney stones . while struggling about his fancy house , he switches between moaning in self-pity and dropping condescending hints about his loyal secretary's ( glenne headly ) plain appearance . don't be surprised if you find yourself asking more than once just what the hell is going on . you might like that feeling of cluelessness . herzfeld does answer all the questions in the course of time and pieces it all rather neatly in the last five minutes . the jigsaw puzzle assembled isn't stunning by any means though . the characters lack the stature or moral complexity of altman's real-life heroes in short cuts , even though they are interesting and funny . funny , that is if you aren't comparing them to the likes of tarantino's pulp chcaracters . the tie-up is tidy but nowhere near the squeaky clean resolution of ( director's name ? guy who also did last seduction ) red rock west . two days isn't a bad movie but there isn't much else to it than the screenplay novelty of the linkage of seemingly unrelated characters . it'll keep you guessing alright but you won't remember the answers five minutes after the credits . the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[173]	neg	neg	yes	drama that leads into something else that leaves us with questions . gabriel byrnes ( who ironically played a priest in " stigmata " ) here plays satan and gives a good performance but again seems held back and not into his character . two years back al pacino gave a terrific performance in the fun " the devil's advocate " and here it seems like the idea of him is in the character also . robin tunney ( great performance as always ) plays satan's main person whom he wants to impregnate to carry his child . of course rod stieger gives another great performance which really isn't nothing new . the direction by peter hyams is at times a bit overblown , though not nearly as the visual style was in " stigmata " . here we are given great camera work , and some great scenes that are terrifically directed but sadly just don't work in this movie . the script written by andrew marlowe has a few witty lines , but again the movie is all style and no substance and by the ending finale climax i was ready to go home . only a few things work here and those are a few of the performances , the writing and visual style , but the storyline and the finished product don't work as well . the sad thing is that " end of days " had so many things going for it . the plot could have been more organized , the action scenes could have been more brainy and less mind-numbing . at times it seems like " armageddon " and started to get old and tiresome . hollywood is running out of ideas bad , and like i've always said before needs new ones . even with its 100m budget " end of days " is less than pleasing . in fact the 100m dollar budget is at least 30m over , and easily could have had a 70m budget . maybe i sound crazy , but i am really looking forward to the new exorcist film , and hope that they make it as good as the original . we need to get new ideas and stop recycling old ones just to make money at the box-office . we need to get more films like " the blair witch project " that could scare people to death , while people thinking well what exactly is scaring them and how do i know that it is in fact the blair witch . overblown effects , stupid and thin plot-line , good performances , disappointing . . . . umm yup those pretty much describe " end of days " .
[174]	neg	neg	yes	is sylvester stallone acting like . . . sylvester stallone . and like most of his previous roles , his character is a shallow , one-dimensional thug whose modus operandi is to talk tough , hassle a few hapless people , find out what he needs to know , and then dispense his own kind of justice . with the charisma of a pit bull , being tough is all that jack carter knows . yet , even tough guys know when to put family first . as the story begins , we learn that jack's little brother has died in a car accident . the police attribute it to heavy drinking . however , jack is suspicious , believing that he was 'taken out' . he takes a break from his vegas duties and tries to see if he can find the truth . as he pokes around , he runs into several lowlife characters . they include a shady business partner , a prostitute , a dweebish millionaire molded after bill gates , and an oily owner of a porn website . any one of them may know something about his brother's death . all of them have the means of carrying out the deed . but don't expect an exercise in sleuthing where well-placed clues lead carter to the truth . he's all brawn and no brains , so there are no epiphanies during his investigation . instead , he uses intimidation to muscle his way forward , cycling through this circle of suspects . flustered with his lack of progress , he cycles through them again and again . this all gets tiring fairly quickly . by the time the film launches into its final act , we're numb from its pedestrian pace . oddly , as a tough-guy thriller , it starves us for action . admittedly , there is one nifty chase sequence , but this is related to a tangential and needless plot ( carter's vegas ties send thugs to retrieve him ) . the story also fails to generate any kind of emotion . stallone has the personality of a slab of stone . and the look and feel of the film is perpetually downcast . the weather is constantly overcast or rainy . meanwhile , most shots take place at night , in dimly lit rooms , or in dark alleys . it's just impossible to get stirred about that kind of atmosphere . as a result , " get carter " amounts to nothing more than a flat thriller , bereft of clever moments and devoid of any excitement . you're better off leaving this guy alone .
[175]	neg	neg	yes	what were you thinking ? ! have you ever heard the phrase 'if it ain't broke don't fix it' ? ! " then walk away . the film concerns mr . bean ( atkinson ) and his visit to america while escorting the painting of " whistler's mother " to an american buyer ( played by burt reynolds , in the type of bit part that his success in " boogie nights " should hopefully do away with ) . now how or why mr . bean is sent on this trip makes no sense , and i can't even describe how the film explains it . the point is that mr . bean comes to america and causes wacky trouble . problems problems problems , where to begin ? first , the score music from the tv show has been completely replaced by score that is either at times one note away from the score from " beetlejuice " or one note away from the score from " rob roy " . then , the song choices are totally uninspired . " good vibrations " ? " i love l . a . " ? wow , don't put any thought into that guys . also , bean makes way too much noise in the film . the character doesn't speak much , but in the series you really only heard the laughter of the audience , and maybe the occasional murmur from mr . bean . each episode was like a chaplin silent movie . in the film , bean is constantly moaning , grunting , whining , etc . it's annoying , and just plain wrong for the character . the main problem though is that it's just not funny . with each episode of the series there would be dozens of really great laughs crammed into less than 30 minutes . multiply that running time by three however , and the laughs steadily decrease . they even have the gaul to repeat jokes from the series . sad , and creatively lazy . as a series , " mr . bean " only ran for about 13 episodes or so . why on earth did atkinson and the gang decide it was time to completely rework everything ? 13 half-hour episodes certainly hadn't exhausted all possible situations . all i can say positively for the film at this point is that it's almost appropriate for all ages , if it wasn't for a couple of scenes where it appears as though mr . bean is having sex with things . and even that isn't a very positive statement . please guys , go back to england and go back to television so you'll make me laugh again . [pg-13]
[176]	neg	neg	yes	tells the people of the ghetto this , the more convinced they become that he is abreast of the latest developments in the war that is to decide their fate . the danger , of course , is that the germans allegedly have informants throughout the ghetto , and rumors about the radio can get out and put jakob in great danger . in a curiously irrelevant subplot , jakob finds a 11-year old girl who has separated from her parents and decides to hide her in his small home . apparently he is afraid that she will be discovered , and goes to great length to make sure of that -- just why the idea frightens him is never made clear . he and the girl build an uninvolving , generic relationship that never goes anywhere and is as irrelevant at the end as it was in the beginning . the moral of the story is that hope is the best medicine . but jakob the liar forgets that the hope that jakob brings to his ghetto is false . such hope inevitably leads to expectations of its realization and when those expectations aren't met , the results are far worse than if there was no hope . that's the film's biggest detriment : it is based on a false assumption and thus comes off as painfully false . it's never moving because it doesn't give us anything to be moved by . jakob the liar fails to tug any heartstrings which destroys its purpose for existing . robin williams doesn't inject the film with life , as a matter of fact , he seems a little out of it , as if crippled by his fake accent . he is stragely unenthusiastic ; his character is one who spreads hope but his performance is lifeless , hopeless . not since good will hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent ; this isn't the robin williams we know and love . in good will hunting he became a serious actor and won an oscar for it . here , he is more of a wannabe serious actor ; an impostor . jakob the liar will be compared with last year's life is beautiful because it is being marketed as a " holocaust comedy " . it's not a comedy . it tries , sometimes , but it rarely works . is it a melodrama ? a war movie ? a character study ? no , no , and no . jakob the liar is the kind of movie that can't be placed into a category ; not because it covers so many different genres but because it fails at just about every one it attempts .
[177]	neg	neg	yes	say , tell me if you've seen this before : a crisis on-board a commercial airliner causes a stewardess to have to fly and land the plane herself . airport '97 anyone ? ray liotta is a psychotic serial killer being transported from new york to california on christmas eve . amazingly , on what would seemingly be a busy day of travel on one of the most flown routes , only about six other passengers are on the flight . anyway , they take off , liotta escapes and kills all the police and the pilots , and stewardess lauren holly locks herself in the cockpit to fly the plane . the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing ( at one point , this jumbo jet is flying completely upside down ) , the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying . surprisingly , co-writer steven e . de souza actually wrote the first two " die hard " movies ! " turbulence " takes place at christmas time , yet the film was released a few days after the holidays . brilliant marketing , as no one cares about anything having to do with christmas after december 26th . the studio knew they had a bomb , and purposely dumped it out when the fewest number of people would see it . [r]
[178]	neg	neg	yes	complete attention . the first scene in the film , which shows the wannabes trying to save the day , feels like it was seriously edited down . right when it was beginning to become slightly funny seeing these actors get humiliated at an old folk's home by some masked goons , captain amazing comes in and saves the day ? or ruins the movie . instead of editing this scene , more editing should have been done in areas such as the unnecessary romance between mr . furious ( ben stiller ) and monica , a waitress ( claire forlani ) or the vast majority of the film , which is the heroes talking at a coffee table about how their day was . a simple rule : more silly action is needed in order to make a silly action movie work . another major problem with " mystery men " is that every actor in it seemed very uncomfortable and consequently gave terrible performances . the film depended on its cast to work fluently together , like a bunch of old friends working together in an amiable reunion . however , most characters seemed like they did not even want to be in this film or at least the script made it seem this way . to pull one of the actors in this film randomly out of a hat , paul reubens , who disappeared from acting to everyone's joy , returns here leaving very little to be impressed about . as a wannabe who uses flatulence for a weapon , all of his jokes must therefore be fart jokes . fart jokes that have all been heard before and will inevitably be heard again in future films thanks to the success of " american pie " and " there's something about mary . " " mystery men " drags on towards the end to a point where anything else in the world is more entertaining . anyone with a brain knows each one of the heroes is going to be successful at their talent in the end and each one is going to contribute in a helpful way . so why continue to watch ? this film is far from a worthy guilty pleasure . " mystery men " indeed does this and every time a character succeeds another one congratulates him and says " i knew you could do it ! " " mystery men " fails in every category it attempts to pass . what makes this film so bad is that it had the potential to be wonderful and unforgettable . terrible acting , terrible script , and a terrible waste of time changes opinions about all of these actors . " i'm unpredictable ! " an overexcited ben stiller shouts out . no ben , you're the complete opposite .
[179]	neg	pos	no	real one a secret , so it's quite possible the one in the final cut was randomly chosen . the series' trademark references to other horror films have become trite and obvious . possibly it's the absence of screenwriter kevin williamson , who penned the first two , or maybe it's that the hip ironic stance eventually consumes itself and a series that parodies film cliches eventually becomes a cliche . i groaned as an attack on sidney from the first " scream " was repeated moment-for-moment in the hollywood set of her home . at some point , referencing becomes just a means to cover up a poverty of new ideas . " scream 3 " also continues the tradition of having an eclectic set of cameos and familiar faces in small roles . look for jenny mccarthy , carrie fisher , patrick warburton ( puddy from " seinfeld " ) , roger corman , and jason mewes and kevin smith ( as jay and silent bob ) to walk through at some point . all these bit players put forth more effort than the series' returning stars , who are probably saving their energy for the long post- " scream " job search . another prediction i made in a previous review has come to pass : more movies are copying " the blair witch project " 's web strategy . " scream 3 " has three official websites that ( wink , wink ) pretend that the events of the movie are real and provide additional backstory information not covered in the movie . the sunrise studios site ( scream3 . com ) has trailers for other sunrise releases as well as the " latest 'stab 3' news . " there's also a gail weathers official site ( galeweathers . com ) and a sunrise sucks site that has more " stab " scandals the studio wants to cover up ( sunrisesucks . com ) . craven and company promise that this is the last installment in the " scream " series . while i hope that's true , i don't hold out much hope-horror movie series are even harder to kill than their monsters . there's a " halloween h2k " in the works , even though michael myers was beheaded in " h20 , " and a " freddy vs . jason " has been talked about for awhile , despite the fact that both characters were " killed off . " there's bound to be a " scream 4 " someday , even if it starts over with a new set of movie-star wannabes . bottom line : they should have called this one " yawn . "
[180]	neg	neg	yes	, and the cast was left to carry the movie , which they did ( even jim carrey as the riddler and i can't stand jim carrey ) , because schumaccer messed up the direction with his glitzy gotham and his awkward camera angles . this film is different . the cast is still impressive , but here , not only does schumaccer mess up with the direction ( he's one of those directors who's good with actors , terrible with camera angles ) , but writer akiva goldsmith doesn't really give an impressive cast anything to do . the cast is impressive : clooney is a surprisingly good wayne/batman , o'donnell is a crafty robin as usual , they could've casted somebody better as batgirl ( my friend likes neve campbell ) , but silverstone is not bad , and thurman is a good poison ivy . the major problem is schwarzenegger , who is a terrible freeze . his accent is so heavy , you can't understand what he says , and the trouble with action stars like him is they cannot act , and they know it , but they figure that if they flex their muscles , say a limited amount of stuff , and kill a bunch of guys , then they figure nobody'll notice . that's the trouble with me , * i * notice . schwarzenegger does not deserve billing over clooney , or as much money as he got for this , but hollywood thinks he does . patrick stewart was the person i'd heard that was considered to play freeze , and he would've been so much better . or sean connery , but not arnold " i'm not an actor , but i play one in real life " schwarzenegger . i realize that you must be a star to play a major role in a batman film , but it would've been nice if they'd casted a star that had talent for the role . akiva goldsmith's screenplay avoids some stuff that happens in a normal batman film . in a regular batman film , they'd concentrate on the relationship with the girlfriend a little more , but elle macpherson's julie madison is so limited here that we never get a real sense of who she is . there is talk of a fifth batman movie . my interest to see it is low , but i hope it's better than this . if you don't want to waste your time , rent any of the other batman movies from blockbuster . any other .
[181]	neg	pos	no	tried ( and failed ) to act the part . her joan is unbalanced , " inspiring " the troops merely by screaming stridently and waving her banner or sword over her head like a woman possessed . john malkovich ( being john malkovich ) fares a bit better as the dauphin , who joan would see on the throne as charles vii . an easily manipulated man , his weakness of character foreshadows the betrayal of joan which would lead to her death . faye dunaway ( the thomas crown affair ) gives a strong performance in minimal screen time as the dauphin's mother-in-law and chief advisor . the army under joan's command are comprised of comical figures , more stooges than soldiers . the one exception would be tcheky karyo ( la femme nikita ) as dunois , the man who was leading the attack prior to joan's arrival . trying to plan a systematic campaign , he sees his leadership authority negated by joan's insistence on following her " visions . " dustin hoffman ( sphere ) has a small inhuman role as joan's conscience which begins speaking to her while awaiting trial . dressed like cloaked monk , he leads her to doubt herself and her " revelations . " as well she should . scriptures do speak of revelation . god , via his gift of holy spirit , is able to communicate to men . three of the nine manifestations of holy spirit listed in 1 corinthians 12 deal with receiving revelation . they are : word of knowledge , word of wisdom , and discerning of spirits . even the scriptures themselves are a result of god giving revelation to his " holy men . . . who spake as they were moved by holy spirit ( i . e . by revelation . ) " but the scriptures also caution us : " beloved , believe not every spirit , but try the spirits whether they are of god : because many false prophets are gone out into the world . " 1 john 4 : 1 [kjv] joan's end , ( being burned at the stake at the age of 19 ) , the frenzy ( mob rule ) and blood lust her inspiration wrought , and the death , pain , or suffering which followed her campaign all point to a devilish influence rather than a godly one . while her conviction and intense believing remains an admirable quality , she was , as others have been before and since , misled by the spiritual master of deception . as a messenger , she was quite effective . she was just confused as to whose message she was carrying .
[182]	neg	neg	yes	possibly the years the most anticipated film and finally it arrives here in the uk . it smashed u . s box office office records in it's opening weekend and will no doubt do the same here . but is it any good ? in a word , no . i'll elaborate further . the story is as follows . apparently there were two islands with dinosaurs on . one where the dinos lived untouched by mankind and the other a tourist attraction which failed before it even opened . ( see jurrasic park . ) imgen , the company that funded jurrasic park , want to reccover their losses by taking more dinos off the other island and move them to a new attraction in san diago . realizing what a bad idea this is , proffessor john hammond ( richard attenborough ) decides to send a team to document the dinosaurs , so as to rally public support to preserve the island . enter familiar mumbling man jeff goldblum who only agrees to go when told his girlfriend is already there . so , basically , what you have is this . two teams , one sent to catch and move some dinosaurs to the mainland and the other , trying to document them , being forced to work together , fighting for survival against the dinosaurs' firm intentions on eating them . a fairly good idea , however it's let down by one slight problem . it's crap . over two hours of chase scenes gets way too boring , way too quiclky . add to this a terrible script and some feeble attempts at some occasional characterisation and you end up very disinterested . it becomes background noise while your mind starts concentrating on things like , 'what's for tea ? ' and 'should you cut the lawn later ? ' ( yes , you should ) . it's a shame then really , that spielberg has lowered himself into making what essentially is a blatant cash in , which adds practically nothing to the far superior jurrasic park . with only a few creative and genuinely tense scenes and fabulous c . g . i dinosaurs ( the t . rex's have to be seen to be believed ) , there is nothing else to recommend the lost world . a very dissapointing sequel , indeed .
[183]	neg	neg	yes	, a robed nomadic pilgrim wandering the land enjoying the moment and spreading his spiritual message . a chance meeting with ricky hayman ( goldblum ) , a stressed-out executive of a home-shopping channel , and kate newell ( kelly preston ) , a no-nonsense media analyst , results in physical injury to g . quicker than you can say " the odd couple , " g ends up rooming with an extremely leery ricky . after some script gymnastics , g appears live on the air at the good buy shopping network , wreaking havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations , enraging network owner mr . mcbainbridge ( loggia ) , and becoming a national media sensation . " holy man " attempts to be several things at once . it tries to satirize home shopping networks , but it's difficult to effectively make fun of something that is already a self-parody . the film attempts to teach us that collecting material possessions is merely a futile attempt to fill the spiritual holes in our hearts , but that's common knowledge already . " holy man " also tries to present a story of redemption , as ricky hayman tries to decide whether to exploit g's good will to achieve financial security or do the right thing at the expense of his career . anyone want to place a wager on his final decision ? the one genuine asset in " holy man " is eddie murphy , who gives a charming performance , sharing love , good will and relevant advice to all those around him , while beaming his million dollar smile at just the right moments . murphy is delightful and the film takes off whenever he's onscreen . unfortunately , he's not onscreen enough . jeff goldblum gets the lion's share of screen time and his tired storyline weighs the proceedings down . as his potential love interest , kelly preston tries to brighten things up , but she transforms from an all-business media shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change reeks of contrivance . the other principal actor , robert loggia , wastes his talents in a one-note turn as a ruthless , screaming monster . structurally unsound and way too long , " holy man " is appealing when murphy is onscreen and dull when he isn't . instead of dropping your money at the theater for this trifle , wait until it hits video and fast-forward past everything except the murphy scenes . g suggests that we focus on enjoying the moment and that's the best way to do so .
[184]	neg	neg	yes	testing other people to see who it might be from , and comes to the ( incorrect ) conclusion that the author of the note is a young employee played by tom everett scott . he , reading the letter himself , assumes that she wrote it for him . after a while , they fall in love ( well , duh ) . kate feels guilty about getting in a relationship with someone more than twenty years younger than her , and she also feels guilty because at the same time she is also involved with the town fireman ( tom selleck ) . to add to her turmoil , her mother shows up ( blythe danner , who apparently must have had her daughter when she was about 9 ) and her trusted bookstore manager ( deadpan ellen degeneres ) quits . supporting characters aren't called supporting for nothing . their purpose isn't just to move the plot along , they're also supposed to give the storyline a backbone . to do this , they must exhibit at least marginal depth and must also be interesting . rarely can a movie work if it puts an interesting protagonist in the middle and surrounds her with hackneyed , dull , cardboard secondary characters , especially when at the core of the movie is the protagonist's various interactions with them . this is the love letter's damning error . capshaw's character is as good as i have seen present in recent romantic comedies , but the people that surround her are all either underwritten or purely one-dimensional . because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere . even worse -- it's a bore . i liked capshaw and her helen , but everyone else is painfully fake , undermining the little drama or sexual tension that has the potential to exist . there is nothing particularly hilarious about all this either -- and besides degeneres' wisecracks , there's little that is even a little amusing . this is not a completely thoughtless film and director peter ho-sun chan does a good job of portraying helen's yearnings and various subtle complexities . but it's far from profound . there isn't a common theme running through the proceedings , thus the movie seems thoughtfully pointless . really , this is a harmless little movie ; it's far from an abomination and it's not torturous to sit through . but bad , it is . awful , it also is . the love letter is a failure , and an inane failure at that . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
[185]	neg	neg	yes	a word looked full of promise . hell , when i hear that " i'll never tell " whisper on the tv commercial , goose bumps run up my spine . alas , word is filled with little but disappointment , a kooky mix of girl , interrupted and ransom , with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnapping thriller . douglas stars as nathan conrad , renowned new york psychologist , devoted father of jessie conrad ( skye mccole bartusiak ) , and loving husband to aggie conrad ( famke janssen ) . after a gang of jewel thieves , headed by sean bean's koster , kidnaps his daughter , nathan is forced to extract from his new patient , the catatonic and violent elisabeth burrows ( murphy ) , the location of some hidden bank job booty that her father hid from the koster gang a decade ago . but with hard-nosed detective sandra cassidy ( jennifer esposito , doing her best j . lo impression ) tracking down koster and his gang of hoodlums , the stakes are raised as nathan races against the clock to crack the mystery of elisabeth's head in order to get the goods inside . the catch - nathan only has until five o'clock to solve the puzzle ! whoa , the suspense is almost too much . don't say a word loses the audience inside of 15 minutes . murphy looks and acts like linda blair from the exorcist during the first part of the movie , then turns around and reprises like her role from girl , interrupted . and the only real " crazy " to be found in the film is director gary fleder's ( things to do in denver when you're dead ) staggering use of flashback sequences . oliver platt , famke janssen , and even sean bean are decent actors , but the stuff they are given here -- such as a bedridden wife fighting off the token black guy with her crutch -- is insulting and demeaning . additionally , the use of the surveillance cameras and laptops to track nathan's every move is downright unbelievable . how do ex-cons fresh out of the big house afford all this equipment ? despite its flaws , don't say a word is surprisingly some of the best mainstream film you'll find this month -- and audiences will lap it up . americans love lukewarm , half-baked thrillers starring big names and accompanied by cheap thrills . someone get me my lithium !
[186]	neg	neg	yes	who runs into walls , you are right , but there is an even more astonishing selection . for a director they tapped hong kong's stanley tong , whose resume consists mainly of a handful of movies featuring martial arts expert jackie chan . the story , such that there is one , is about a large , stolen ruby , which looks a woolworth reject . mr . magoo gets it and , of course , does not realize he has it . mayhem then ensues as the bad and the good guys chase each other with mr . magoo frequently oblivious to the fact that anyone is being chased . like home alone 3 but without any class , mr . magoo can only be described as painfully bad . fifteen minutes of it feels like an eternity . the movie's humor is pathetically lame , and the pacing is way off . when one is stuck in a theater for an hour and a half watching what claims to be a motion picture , one looks for some solace . mr . magoo provides only three such moments . the movie begins and ends with the classic cartoon version of the character , who exudes his usual charm . the only other saving grave in the movie itself is angus , the sweet little bulldog . angus demonstrates more genuine emotions and a wider acting range than any of the humans in the picture . finally , the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie , which have some of the genuineness and spontaneity that the movie badly lacked . rather than attempt to adapt mr . magoo to a non-cartoon movie , nielsen makes the strategic mistake of trying to literally be a human version of the cartoon . he has trouble sustaining the squinting eyes and the affected voice , and even when he does it comes off as awkwardly unfunny . my wife managed to get some sleep during the movie , but i was not so lucky . hopefully , this picture will force producers to think harder about which subjects have promise and which do not . mr . magoo runs 1 : 37 . it is rated pg for comic violence and would be acceptable for all ages . my son jeffrey , age 8 , said he thought the movie was good and really funny , but recommends you not choose it if you want an action movie . he said he liked home alone 3 much more . his friend maxim , age 9 , said that he thought it was good but very silly and parts did not make sense . his other friend nickolas , age 8 , said he'd give the movie * * * 1/2 , but that it was really silly .
[187]	neg	neg	yes	taylor , taking the scenic route to california through redneck country . however , while in the middle of nowhere , their jeep decides to break down , leaving them stranded . a friendly truck driver , warren ( walsh ) , offers to give them a lift to town . although jeff rejects the offer ( he wants to stay with his car ) , amy agrees , hops into warren's lorry , and promptly disappears . jeff wonders where the hell she is , and when he later catches up with warren and warren says he has never seen amy in his life , the plot thickens and jeff goes on a chase to find his wife . although comparisons can be made with this film to deliverance ( 1972 ) and the vanishing ( 1993 ) plot wise , the latter two are far superior character and script wise . kurt russell is o . k as jeff , although he can seemingly only pull of one expression , which is angry . throughout the whole film , he looks angry ( or just pissed off . ) quinlan is o . k again , but again she can only pull off one expression , which is looking dorky . throughout the whole film , she looks dorky . j . t walsh ( who , sadly , recently passed away ) is fine as warren ( who we soon find out is a kidnapper ) although his actual character is pretty weak , and not really menacing enough . the supporting cast do their best aswell , with rex linn as a doubting sheriff , and the other kidnappers . the story , written by first-timer jonathan mostow ( who also directs ) is o . k , if surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid . some of the things the characters do in this movie is beyond the bounds of idiocy . there are some flaws with the plot also , as the characters do the complete opposite to logical ( presumably to keep the story 'exciting' ) and also the fact that the story just isn't strong enough to sustain the audience's attention . the picture moves along very slowly also . it almost threatens to drop dead . the picture does pick up towards the end , but by then it's too late . mostow directs the action sequences well enough , however . the film doesn't really come to a satisfying conclusion , either . the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying . breakdown could of been a far more enjoyable picture had it had a stronger cast and director . instead , it just turns out to be merely average . a missed opportunity . overall rating= review by david wilcock
[188]	neg	neg	yes	ugh . that about sums this movie up . just , ugh . the original godzilla movies are somewhat of a cult classic , and when reviewing the previous films , each film had a certain degree of intelligence . and that was the reason they found such an enviable cult following ; in spite of bad special effects , horrible dubbing , and a man in a lizard suit , they maintained a certain degree of . . . how to put this ? . . . dignity ? not quite the word i'm looking for . you understand , right ? and in 50 years , godzilla has maintained that degree of 'whatever' . leave it to america to screw the whole thing up . >from the 'geniuses' that brought us " independece day " , arguably the worst sci-fi movie of all time , to ruin whatever reputation godzilla had . while they do bring us eye-popping special effects that will amaze you , they lost what was at the center of all the original godzilla movies -- a storyline . summing up the movie is simple . heck , i can do it in one sentence : giant lizard attacks a giant city and a bunch of nobodies stop it . simple as that . matthew broderick stumbles over his lines , and it's hard to picture hank azaria in any role besides his classic dog-walking character on the television show " mad about you " . the dialogue seems to be improvized , almost as if there was no rehearsel done at all . i can see the scene on the set right now . " all right ! we spent all of this money making big special effects , and we've gotta get this movie out by summer or it's going to bomb in our faces . so , you actors just say what ever comes to the top of your head , all right ? make up something , m'kay ? good . roll film ! ! " the special effects are enough to keep you interested through one viewing , and some of the cinemtography is well-done ( the scene with the black umbrellas comes to mind ) . still , an hour into it , you will become antsy , wondering how long they can drag it out . and drag it out they do ! ! i have to laugh . the slogan for the film is , " size does matter " . i think they cut this too short . it should read , " size does matter . acting does not . "
[189]	neg	neg	yes	, even if the role is that of an ex-cia weapons expert . it's the story that needs some major work . van damme plays counter-terrorist operative jack quinn , who teams up with arms dealer yaz ( rodman ) to rub out deadly gangster stavros ( mickey rourke , all beefy and weird-looking ) in an antwerp amusement park . the job is botched when stavros' son gets killed in the gunfire , and quinn is taken off to an island known as " the colony " -- a think tank for soldiers " too valuable to kill " but " too dangerous to set free . " quinn escapes and tries to make it back home to his pregnant wife ( natacha lindinger ) , but stavros is out for revenge and kidnaps her . so , what's a kickboxing mercenary to do ? quinn looks up yaz and the two travel to rome so they can rescue the woman , kill stavros , save the world and do whatever else the screenplay requires them to do . with crazy , often eye-popping camera work by peter pau and rodman's lite brite locks , " double team " should be a mildly enjoyable guilty pleasure . but too much tries to happen in each frame , and the result is a movie that leaves you exhausted rather than exhilarated . the numerous action scenes are loud and headache-inducing and the frenetic pacing never slows down enough for us to care about what's going on in the movie . and much of what's going on is just wacky . there's a whole segment devoted to net-surfing monks that i have yet to figure out . and the climax finds quinn going head-to-head with a tiger in the roman coliseum while yaz circles them on a motorcycle , trying to avoid running over land mines and hold on to quinn's baby boy ( who's in a bomb equipped basket ) -- all this while stavros watches shirtless from the bleachers . did i mention " double team " is strange ? when it all comes down , this is just another rarely entertaining formula killathon , albeit one that feels no need to indulge in gratuitous profanity . rodman juices things up with his blatantly vibrant screen persona , though , leading up to a stunt where he kicks an opponent between the legs . but we didn't need " double team " to tell us he could do that , did we ?
[190]	neg	neg	yes	precursor to strange days , a far superior film . both movies deal with desperate men who have trouble relating to their current lovers because they are ( ab ) using technology to be with former lovers ( in strange days , the technology utilized recorded dreams rather than virtual reality ) . interestingly , both films also take place a couple of years from now during the turn of the new millenium , though strange days uses the setting far more effectively . this exemplifies the problem with virtual seduction . it's not bad for what it is : low-budget science fiction concerning the psychological dangers of virtual reality . unfortunately , it's been done before and since in much better films , a fact which ultimately leaves the sci-fi fan bored by this movie . virtual seduction has many faults ( one of them is the fact that the video inexplicably has its own trailer before it begins ) . the film's script explores the possibilities of virtual reality interestingly at first , but its treatment of the subject matter gets heavy-handed and wooden as the movie progresses . many important scenes seem too dark ; the lighting could have been improved significantly . the cast , a collection of veteran b-movie actors and sitcom regulars , do only a mediocre job in their roles . jeff fahey , of the original lawnmower man , convincingly , though unenergetically , plays the lead character . carrie genzel plays paris , the vr lover , but ami dolenz , as the current love interest , seems like a much more interesting and attractive character with a caring personality , which doesn't lend credence to the film's premise . meschach taylor , of the once popular designing women sitcom , adequately plays a scientist working on the project , but his performance isn't something to write home about either . virtual seduction is one of those harmless movies to which you could do some light manual labor and not mind having it on in the background . in other words , one could fold laundry while glancing up at it every now and then , but it's rather boring to just sit and watch . the movie is surprisingly not as violent as one expects from b-movies in this genre , but it is still an adult r-rated film due to sexual situations and a suicide attempt . this turkey , ultimately , isn't awful , but it's not particularly interesting or unique either . don't be seduced into watching this movie unless you've got several loads of laundry and nothing else to watch .
[191]	neg	pos	no	or twenty minutes into the film . it is merely used to launch the most twisted story of recent time . by the time the movie finishes , you will have gone thru every plot twist imaginable . unfortunately , with so much going on , you're not given enough time in one predicament to be as effectively shocked when a new twist comes about . this is just one way director john mcnaughton fails to make this movie as fun as it could've been . the 113 minutes fly by , and although it never feels underdeveloped , this pretzel of storytelling could've been much more richly realized had a slower pace been taken . the acting is incredibly reminiscent of fox prime-time soap operas , which no , is not a good thing . and it's not just campbell , who happens to hail from the prime-time fox soap " party of five " , but everyone suffers from heavily melodramatic overtones . dillon , who was so charming in his understated role in last year's in & out , gives the best performance , and murray's surprising appearance adds some comedic flare to the film . in fact , if the whole movie had been promoted as a subtle comedy , even if it was the exact same film , i would actually give it a better grade . that's how cheezy it comes off . but aside from these two , the rest offer nothing more than some good eye-full's . in the right hands , wild things could've been a wickedly delightful , scrumptiously twisted thriller , but instead we get juvenile overuses of profanity and some very laughable displays of acting . and what's up with these people passing as high school students ? i realize hollywood often casts older actors to play teenage roles , but when i realized it wasn't supposed to be a college they were at , i had to snicker . i won't lie - this is definitely a guilty pleasure . as corny as it is , it's got some interesting aspects and could deserve at least a " b " for effort . but if you just want to admire denise richards , go for last year's starship troopers , which was every bit as campy , but a million times better . of course , if seeing her breasts is your most important goal , you'll be right at home with wild things . perhaps the wildest thing of all is that somebody actually looked at this and thought it deserved to be in theaters .
[192]	neg	neg	yes	hangover , poor jack finds himself covered in blood and the chinese chick dead on a couch . he is arrested and hauled into a chinese prison . his cell , food and rights  all terrible . now trapped in a foreign land without adequate aid from the american embassy , lawyer shen yuelin ( bai ling ) defends his case by initially pleading guilty to the charge of murder . jack and shen argue about their countries different laws ; shen stating that they will shoot you in the back and charge the cost of the bullet to your family .  as the plot thickens , scenes get progressively more ridiculous  ranging from richard gere running over rooftops in search of the us embassy to a scooby doo ending where the least expected but-you-knew-along criminal is discovered . red corner is one of those films where you sneer , laugh or vomit youre way through all of its minutes . what should have been a politically taunt thriller is little more than a pointless expedition to see how stressed out richard gere can act . this is not to say that the film does not have its moments  there are some tense court room scenes that are shrewdly created  telling the tale of foreign injustice and government corruption . but what they amount to spoils the effect of having them in the first place  perhaps this is why red corner is so frustrating to watch . if you look at the films overall concept fairly broadly , the basic idea is quite tangible . it is upon the films execution where the diminutive plot twists and developments fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that goes missing , the high powered officials shielding the truth and intolerable love angles have all been done so many times before . if that wasnt bad enough , red corners dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions . shen yuelin attempts to gain sympathy by reciting renaissance of a destitute relationship with her deceased father , whilst jack moore is eager to talk about chinese musical instruments when he could have been working on a plan to free himself . taking itself far too seriously , red corner is not half the film it intends to be . although it would have benefited from the help of a more valuable supporting cast , the films main fault is in the bizarre ( and often out of place ) way of unfolding a story which isnt that meritorious anyway . whilst richard gere still proves that has what it takes to be known as a decent actor , i would think twice before going to see him attempt to manage such a serious yet hollow drama again . martin vailwhere are you ?
[193]	neg	neg	yes	since the spring , this version stars the irish hunka hunka burning love colin farrell ( the best part of schumacher's tigerland ) as the bad-ass jesse james . alas , any sense of his character has been left on the ranch , leaving us with only cute chicks like ali larter ( minus the whipped cream ) to watch . the spin this time around : fresh from serving as southern militiamen in the civil war , jesse james ( farrell ) , his brother frank ( gabriel macht ) , and his pal cole younger ( scott caan ) lay down their arms and head home to missouri to tend the family farms after the war has ended . but trouble is brewing in their small town of liberty when evil railroad baron thaddeus rains ( harris yulin ) and his cronies rollin parker ( terry o'quinn ) and allan pinkerton ( timothy dalton ) demand the boys turn over their lands to the railroads . the jameses and the youngers then join forces to fight the railroad -- by robbing banks up and down missouri , thus cutting off the railroad's financial surplus and playing robin hood to the local people . along the way , the boys squabble over who's the cutest of the gang , who's the most popular cowboy in the gang , and who ought to go on mtv's total request live . they rob numerous banks with identical interiors , always with the kindest of hearts , strutting in their grungy dusters as moby songs play in the background . the witty banter they share could be plastered within a hallmark card . the biggest disappointment here lies in the acting of colin farrell . after a great job in tigerland , farrell walks through this role easier then nicolas cage in gone in 60 seconds . and his american accent rivals richard gere's irish accent in the jackal . combined with feeling like bonanza : the teen years , this homogenized production ( toned down to get the ever-popular pg-13 rating ) gives us an invincible jesse james that quickly grows tiresome and boring . the unbearable villains courtesy of timothy dalton and thaddeus rains spend the entire film proclaiming that everyone should be hanged , sucking out any energy left in the film . not to mention : the real story of jesse james and his gang bears no resemblance to the plot of american outlaws . instead , the movie is full of old , outrageous tales about the wild west -- tales which went out of style in 5-cent magazines about a century ago .
[194]	neg	neg	yes	plot ( ha-ha ) revolves around a pair of contact lenses that allow their wearer to pass through the congressional directorate's retina scanners . in the words of one of the characters , they're " more than meets the eye . " reminds me of the " transformers " cartoon , and i sure wished the movie could somehow be transformed into something decent , but that never happened . no , the movie just continued on its path of lame action scenes starring pamela van-damme , big-busted kickboxer , and her resistance accomplices , ex-boyfriend axel ( tamuera morrison ) and cora ( victoria rowell ) . thank god they didn't name her cora reef . one bad character name is more than enough . pamela originally doesn't take sides , giving some speech about she's only loyal to the money they pay her , but she changes her mind once the congressional bastards kill her blind brother , jack noseworthy of bon jovi " always " video fame . i still don't know if barb wire is a step up or step down for noseworthy , but he definitely is nose worthy ( even if he isn't sponge worthy ) . pam gets ready to avenge his death by grabbing up an armful of semi-automatic weapons and strapping an ammunitions belt to her chest . it's not rambo . . . it's bimbo ! mark my words , barb wire will be all over the cinemax network in a year . it's got all the elements of the direct-to-video releases featured on hbo's bastard cousin , the cable channel i'd never watch if it didn't somehow come free . it's got the non-titillating scenes of voyeurism , laughable flashbacks , bad dialogue and action cliches out the wazzoo . there's even a narrator at the beginning setting up the movie's premise while the words scroll up the screen . someone needs to tell pamela the wookie this ain't star wars . if you've seen any action flick of the past fifteen years , you'll recognize plenty of lifted elements . barb wire has the obligatory trucks flipping over , car crashes , explosions , broken glass and slow-motion shots of bodies falling hundreds of feet to their death . this is one of those automatic-pilot movies anyone could write or direct . barb wire has only two things going for it . . . and i think you know what those two things are .
[195]	neg	neg	yes	millionaire , elton deedle ( eric braeden ) , founder of deedle enterprises . elton wants his sons to be the perfect heirs to his fortune . . . instead the two are careless hawaiian surf bums . to set them straight , he enrolls them into a strict wyoming boot camp , to which the pair inevitably go . after several misadventures in wyoming , where the duo is stunned to discover there's no surf , the brothers deedle stumble upon a routine mistaken identity plot . they arrive at yellowstone national park , where they are believed to be two new park ranger recruits . rather than slinking back home and disappointing their dad , the deedles play along . phil , actually , has other motives : the beautiful park ranger jesse ( a . j . langer ) , who unfortunately happens to be the beloved stepdaughter of the overprotective park ranger captain douglas pine ( john ashton ) . yellowstone has a problem . it's only a week before the famous geyser old faithful celebrates its one billionth birthday , and the park is being overrun with prairie dogs . not just one or two . . . thousands of them . the deedles are assigned to eliminate the p . dog menace , not knowing that it all is part of a fiendish plan by disgraced former head ranger frank slater ( dennis hopper ) . the brothers deedle aren't supposed to be out-and-out stupid , like the team from dumb and dumber , or bill and ted . instead , their brains just operate in a different , simpler , realm . a more accurate comparison would be with carrot top in chairman of the board , a film which , unfortunately , this one resembles in several hideous ways . the central problem with meet the deedles is that it simply just isn't funny . there's a moment when phil utters the line , " insert laugh here " , which nearly sums up the entire meet the deedles experience . the result isn't bad in a run-shrieking-from-the-theater type of way . instead , it's merely bad in an excruciatingly boring sort of way . the cast seems decent , but they're never asked to do anything remotely interesting . instead , the film inundates the audience with countless shots of people and/or cars rolling downhill in the forest , and with constant annoying references to other disney films . you'll have much better luck finding a good spot to surf in wyoming than finding entertainment in meet the deedles .
[196]	neg	neg	yes	adam sandler isn't known for appearing in deep , thought-provoking films , but he's still a really funny guy . most of his movies are successful not because of the film making behind them , but because they let sandler do what he does best without a stupid plot to drown him out . big daddy is the first film in which the story seems more important than sandler's comic performance , and it's a miserable failure . sandler plays a thirty-something loser who gets attached to an orphaned young boy ( played by cole and dylan sprouse ) . as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say " good-bye " to one another ; in addition , there's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) . there's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny .
[197]	neg	neg	yes	angelina jolie's puffy lips and enhanced tits . close-ups are framed oh-so-carefully to include her million dollar bazooms . running scenes highlight her bouncing breasts in vintage " baywatch " fashion . there's even include a shower scene that offers a brief side view of them . but the filmmakers are so inept they can't even flash the audience correctly . the one extended display of nudity is of - get ready for this - a guy . for no particular reason , a muscular supporting character strolls around naked for about 30 seconds , with each shot composed to barely cover his package , ? la " austin powers . " now , i enjoy a good looking male body as much as the next gay guy , but what the hell is beefcake doing in a t&a flick aimed at heterosexual males ? of course , what else should one expect in a film that does virtually nothing right ? " tomb raider " sets up elaborate action set pieces , then renders them incomprehensible with needless jump cut editing ( a promising dual bungee cord battle is ruined by excessive cuts ) . it promises a series of exotic locales , then delivers cavernous sets and grimy matte paintings with smoggy skies . throw in some bargain basement computer graphics and you end up with the ugliest movie to come down the pike in many moons . intended to be a rousing " indiana jones " style adventure , " tomb raider " lacks any sense of tension . the low point comes when lara is " threatened " by statues of monkey warriors and a giant multi-armed shiva figure that come to life courtesy of cgi . easily the lamest menaces i have ever seen , the creatures move like snails and fall apart with a single shot from a gun . if you ever have to be chased by monsters , pray that you get the monkey warriors . " tomb raider " tells a story , sort of . once every 5 , 000 years , the planets align . a group of very bad men are out to find two halves of an object that , if reassembled just as the planets align , will give them control over time itself . lara's goal is to stop them and rescue her long-missing poppa ( jon voight , jolie's real life dad ) . none of this matters though , because stunning gaps in internal logic assure that the plot of " lara croft : tomb raider " is as lame as ever other aspect of the film ? except angelina jolie's lips and breasts .
[198]	neg	neg	yes	appearing in " jackie brown " , he immediately signed up for a little film called " american perfekt " . this was almost two years ago . i waited patiently for the film to be released , but it never was . finally , i forgot about it . the other day , though , while i was perusing the selection of the local video store , i stumbled upon , you guessed it , " american perfekt " . i immediately rented it and with a certain amount of glee , rushed home to view it . having now seen the film , i understand why it never saw theatrical release . " american perfekt " is a jumbled mess . the storyline is non-existent . it took me half the movie just to figure out what was going on . and at that point , the only thing i really knew for sure was that the movie was * never * going to introduce a plot of some sort . it wants to get by on quirkyness and so-called charm alone , and it just doesn't work . robert forster plays a psychiatrist who picks up amanda plummer , and they head off on the road together . along the way to no discernable destination , they run into all sorts of kooky and wacky characters . i suppose this free-wheeling , no plot style is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitment , but all it did was make me sleepy . i'm all for trying new things within the realm of film , but not at the expense of coherence . nothing in this movie makes sense . the actions of the characters go unexplained , even when they're truly bizarre . i'll give you an example , without giving too much away . david thewlis has a part as a drifting con-man . at one point , mid-way through the movie , he runs forster and plummer off the road with his car . as he passes them , we see that his face is covered in blood . do you think we would get an explanation as to what happened to him ? you would think so , wouldn't you . " american perfekt " is a waste of time . nothing is gained from watching this movie , except maybe a migraine . and if you do rent it , don't bother trying to figure out what's going on in the hopes that everything will be resolved by the end . this doesn't happen . and no explanation is given for the misspelling of " perfect " , either .
[199]	neg	neg	yes	over the world . of course , the ancient folks who divided the triangle buried the halves in tombs on opposite sides of the world . our heroine , lady lara croft ( angelina jolie ) , finds the key that opens the tombs in relics that her dead father ( jon voight ) dug up . she figures that if she gets the triangle , she can bring her dad back from the dead . of course , no one was expecting much of a plot from this movie anyway . in both video games and action movies , the plot is just an excuse for the action sequences . however , the action in " tomb raider " shows little style or originality . there's lots of shooting and some kung fu fightin' , but none of it progresses beyond the level of a cheap direct-to-cable flick . the other goofy archeologist flick of the summer , " the mummy returns , " was much better ; it had its flaws , but its action was creative and large-scale . since winning her academy award for " girl , interrupted , " jolie hasn't taken any projects that would display her acting talents . " tomb raider " seems to be more interested in displaying her breasts ; so much attention is drawn to them that it's a shame there's no oscar for best performance by a wonderbra . while we don't see much of her acting ability ( with the exception of a wonderful upper-crust british accent ) , we do get a hint of jolie's less savory side . considering the rumors of incest that hang over jolie and her supposed obsession with death , having lara be obsessed with resurrecting her dead father ( and uninterested in any of the living males around her ) seems a poor choice . having jolie's real life father jon voight play the dead dad makes it even creepier . i haven't decided what to make of director simon west yet . his first feature was the star-studded disaster " con air , " but my opinion of him improved with " the general's daughter , " which was thick with sultry atmosphere . now this train wreck . i hope he improves again because his next project is the big screen version of the cult tv series " the prisoner . " hollywood has already screwed up " the avengers , " and " the prisoner " represents a chance for redemption . ( by the way , speaking of british tv , " red dwarf " fans should look for chris " rimmer " barrie in his first major film role ) .