index	gold	prediction	correct	text
[0]	pos	pos	yes	is authentic and vast , and the sets don't look like sets ( they look like real towns and villages ) ; gabriella pescucci's costumes are noticeably spectacular . basil poledouris' soundtrack is thick and usually well-placed ( though it does get a bit heavy at times ) . many scenes in the film have a memorable photographic quality , such as the climax , which takes place next to a dark river in the grey obscurity of early evening . augusts keeps the story simple ( which i hear is a good thing , since the novel is so complex ) and easy to follow . he manages to develop the main characters and most of the subplots adequately . i was also impressed that he didn't go overboard with flash and style , which is something so many directors seem to be doing to classic stories these days ( such as baz luhrmann's vicious tragedy william shakespeare's romeo + juliet ) . this film feels solid and whole , and each scene has a certain amount of importance and vigor that keeps the audience interested . liam neeson is terrific in the main role ; neeson is the kind of actor who does solemn desperation extremely well , and valjean is certainly a man who clearly fits that adjective . thurman , in her small role , is very good , and proves that she has a lot of range and can perform in a very non-glamorous role such as this one . rush is absolutely incredible as javert ; i don't remember ever feeling so strongly about a villain as i do here ; he adds depth and complexity with subtle glances and nuances , and effortlessly makes each of his scenes intense . i can't be as charitable for danes , however ; though i know she is a talented actress , here she tends to overact when it might have been better to underplay the character a bit . les miserables is , as i've said , a solid , intelligent motion picture . my only complaint is that it feels a bit too easy , and perhaps too staged . each scene is grand and huge , and exploding with poledouris' score , but i didn't always want them to be . for the most part , les miserables is not a subtle or deep picture . it's a good movie , and tells its story well , but august tends to hand-feed us themes and scenes that would have worked better had they been more subtle . however , in a film this exciting and well-produced , a few minor flaws are easily overlooked .
[1]	pos	pos	yes	for having the cheap food tray of carrot sticks rather than the one of stuffed shrimp , and for being burned-out . he tells him to go on a vacation . get a woman . while phil is reflective on where all his best years have gone for him and is contemplating a career change , now that he is 52 and is painfully divorcing his wife , after having lived too lonely a life on the road for too long . he now finds himself suffering from some troubling dreams and questioning what he believes in . he has always been a charmer , shaking everyone's hand , trying to please his clients while trying to make the sale . larry is more aggressive as a salesman , he is always a heart attack away from every big sale . in contrast , bob is only in his twenties and everything seems fresh to him . this is his first time for him on the road . when dick fuller doesn't arrive at the party the salesmen throw , larry becomes confrontational and asks phil if he spoke to the man himself about the gathering . when told that he spoke to the secretary , larry throws a tantrum and is resigned to going back to their home office without the new account . but when they start talking to bob , whom they forced to act as the bartender , they are surprised to learn that fuller did indeed come but was wearing another man's name tag and that bob spent the entire evening consoling the tycoon over his recently deceased dog and then talking to him about jesus . bob then tells the boys about a private party fuller is attending afterwards , and that he invited bob to attend . larry and phil can't fathom how bob didn't make a sales pitch . but they soon take another tact and decide to prep bob on how to get fuller's attention about their company's product as they sent him off to meet fuller , and will await his return in the hotel room . these two sharp salesmen are reduced to waiting for this smug kid to come back and tell them he saved their ass . the irony of their situation is played out in the darkness of the hotel room , as they stay up late into the night trying to make sense out of their lives . these three performers were outstanding , each understanding what their role called for , each coming through with a marvelous performance . the only problem with the film , is that its more of a play than a cinematic experience . but the insightful dialogue and refreshing dramatics , give it an intelligent selling point and make it a good product to see .
[2]	pos	pos	yes	charm of a 30's movie idol and is able to put himself into silly situations with dignity . ulysses has an ongoing obsession with his hair , risking life and limb to get a particular brand of pomade and a supply of hairnets . his vanity will come to plague him as it would any mystical hero-wanderer . while clooney is the name draw for " o brother , " the show stealer is tim blake nelson as delmar . the heretofore unknown nelson is terrific as the simple convict who , at one point , hears the word of the lord and joins members of a church congregation in their mass baptism . delmar is saved and dedicates his life to doing good and provides a richness to his simple character that makes him shine . the taciturn pete , as played by longtime coen collaborator turturro , is the sullen member of the trio and gives them the necessary angst . all together , the tuneful triumvirate is a mix of the three stooges and the three musketeers as they prove to be buffoons , albeit brave ones . the colorful supporting cast is rampant with homerian characters to meet and get to know along the way of the boys' odyssey . charles durning appears as incumbent governor pappy o'daniel , who keeps crossing paths with them in his bid for re-election . john goodman is wicked as the one-eyed bible salesman and con artist , big dan teague . michael badalucco is manic and outrageous as outlaw and bank robber extraordinary , george " babyface " nelson . stephen root is amusing as the blind dj , rep'ing one of the many references to the sightless that abound in the film in mystical ways . holly hunter is wasted in the small role as ulysses' estranged wife , penny ( and the real reason for this adventure , not secret treasure ) . techs are , as expected in a coen brothers venture , first class . cinematographer roger deakins , who has worked on five previous coen films , captures the sultry atmosphere of the south . the photography complements the lush period production and costume provided by dennis gassner and mary zophres , respectively . once again , roderick jaynes - the alter ego of ethan and joel coen - is on board as editor . the high points outweigh the low through most of " o brother , where art thou ? " with particular praise for the wonderful selection of period and traditional music . i give it a b .
[3]	pos	pos	yes	she goes too far . contact is clearly foster's vehicle , but others are given their chance to shine in smaller roles . matthew mcconaughey , who receives outrageously high billing for his smallish role , holds his own as the religious counterpoint to ellie , spiritual scholar and government adviser palmer joss ( however , his main storyline , the tentative palmer-ellie romance , is the film's weakest subplot ) . john hurt is effectively creepy as s . r . hadden , the wealthy eccentric who provides ellie with her research funding . angela bassett continues to impress in her bit role as white house aide rachel constantine . most memorable of all , though , are tom skerritt and james woods , who play rival scientist dr . david drumlin and national security adviser michael litz , respectively ; both , especially skerritt , embody these asshole characters that the audience hissed just about every single one of their appearances . zemeckis comes off of his three-year break in top shape . always known as a director of effects-laden extravaganzas , it comes as no surprise that contact's visual effects are quite stunning . the central space journey is more than a little reminiscent of the close of 2001 : a space odyssey , but with more advanced technology at his disposal , zemeckis's voyage is even trippier than stanley kubrick's yet more wondrously pure . and zemeckis doesn't resist the urge to use the always-interesting incorporate-actors-into-existing-film-footage effect , which is every bit as seamless here as it was in forrest gump . effects , however , are confined to only a few scenes and clearly take a back seat to the drama , emotion , and pure wonder , which zemeckis proved to be quite adept at in gump . it says a lot that , in a summer science fiction film such as this , it's not so much the effects that stay with you as it is the drama and the issues that are raised . the thought-provoking , two-hour-plus contact is a much-welcome change of pace from summer no-brainers , but the fact that it is a smart film does not mean that it also isn't entertaining . for all the interesting questions it asks , the film is still what it's being sold as-- " a journey to the heart of the universe . " and what a fascinating , unforgettable journey it is .
[4]	pos	pos	yes	something on tv , in the movies , or in the news . the characters' dialogue is witty and funny , although some of the actual jokes and gags seem rather sitcom-esque . for example , one scene shows motss and brean's production crew filming an actress portraying a poor albanian refugee . motss ordered a kitten for the girl to carry , but instead wound up with a dozen different dogs . since it's all computer-enhanced anyway , she ends up cradling a bag of tostitos with the kitten to be inserted later . this demonstrates the film's ability to take a relatively ordinary situation and make it smart and funny just through the premise . but then there's the gags and one-liners that , although are humorous , seem a little gratuitious in the long run such as motss not being able to remember the actress's name , or , whenever a problem emerges , always responding with , " this is nothing ! " by the time the film makes it to the midpoint , everything that is going to happen in terms of plot happens . the first act is quickly paced , while the second act contains most of the jokes and is the core of the film . every ten minutes or so a new problem crops up that motss and brean must deal with , and it's always fascinating to see what they do and how they do it . the screenplay provides good characterization and actually deals with most of the problems head-on in realistic manners . however , it does have a tendency to avoid things and shift its focus from the election campaign and false war smokescreen to something a bit off the subject . as the third act rolls around the satirical nature becomes more concerned with the situations and less so with the big picture . what had started off as a brilliant , somewhat harmless conspiracy to fool the general public begins to seem more like something that would happen in a movie . still , the situation comedy is quite funny , especially a montage showing the entire country flinging old shoes into trees to honor sgt . willie schumann - a war hero motss and brean concocted . truly great satire manages to create for an entertaining story that makes you laugh at the time , but think about afterwards and " wag the dog " at least succeeds in this respect . however , in retrospect it seems like so much more could have been done , namely by extending the running time and filling in the plot holes . then again , it's a valiant effort .
[5]	pos	pos	yes	than for their visual perfection . the third installment has only the plot and visuals . some characters could be much more developed and the acting , although good , never accomplishes to reach the same height of the first two films . the biggest miscasting is sofia copolla , who is so unconvincing and unemotional that she manages to ruin several scenes throughout the movie , that could have been grander and more emotional . the best performance comes unsurprisingly from al pacino , who should have got a nomination for best actor at the oscars . andy garcia is powerful as sonny's son , strong , focused and loyal . violence is natural to him . he suffers no pangs of conscience when he takes revenge on his family's behalf , and in this he is supposed to be strong in the uncomplicated way don vito corleone was . however both kay ( diane keaton ) and connie ( talia shire ) are useless . and characters like vito corleone and tom hagen are really missed . the good part is that michael is again reunited with old friends , that you remember from the first and second films . in the third film michael has become almost like his father , vito in the first film and vincenzo resembles michael when he was much younger . this parallel could be more interesting if vincenzo's character was more developed . many have pointed out that making the third film , was unnecessary . i disagree . it is a beautiful film of great importance , completing the tragic saga of the corleone family . the first film showed some horrible results of corleone's life . it showed michael making a choice ; the second showed a man damning himself for his choices and feeling the impact of changing times . a man desperately trying to keep his balance , focus , family and sanity , while everything is crashing all around him . the third film is a terrifying conclusion - a result of michael's life . the life he chose for himself is like quicksand - one wrong step and you are doomed . there is no turning back . and no matter how hard you try to get out of it , to free yourself , no matter how powerful and wealthy you are , you are helpless - sinking deeper and deeper till it swallows you completely . the beautifully directed last sequence is also the powerful climax of the film , when michael is sitting alone in his chair , left by everyone , surrounded by emptiness and memories of his friends and family members long dead . here he dies - alone , miserable and unforgiven
[6]	pos	pos	yes	, dazed and confused ) . she escapes and , attempting to escape the police by swan diving off of an enormous skyscraper and crashing through the roof of korben's floating cab . it's love at first site , as korben and leeloo elude the lazy-as-always cops . when leeloo begins mumbling about a cornelius ( ian holm , night falls on manhattan ) , korben searches the " yellow pages " and delivers her to the door of the good reverend , the only man who knows of her background and duties . now , korben , leeloo , and cornelius must journey to a foreign planet to board a cruise ship ( special effects were spectacular here ) to find the remaining four elements . it is here , where they discover that they have been followed by the evil jean-baptiste emmanuel zorg ( gary oldman , murder in the first ) . he , too , wants possession of the elements , as do a group of pig-like warriors ( think the gamorreans in return of the jedi ) . in a spectacular ending , with time running out , leeloo is faced with a problem-why should she save a people who live to destroy each other ? the question is a good one , and one that could be pondered . but enough of that . when korben points out his love for her , leeloo is inclined to become the " 5th element " and save the world from total destruction . the fifth element features good performances by willis and holm , an excellent portrayal of a comedic villain ( who reminded me a lot of jack nicholson's the joker in batman ) by one of the masters of villainy , oldman , and a heartfelt offering by relative newcomer jovovich . the supporting cast , which includes brion james ( tango & cash ) , tim " tiny " lester ( no holds barred ) , luke perry ( buffy the vampire slayer ) , and chris tucker ( friday ) , added a comedic effect to the film . although besson's the fifth element can be criticized for the outlandish use of cliches , it is a solid motion picture with a definite point . some other directors ( like anaconda's luis llosa ) should take a lesson from this guy-using ideas from epic motion pictures the right way . ideas from star wars and stargate were utilized for the improvement of this film . sci-fi fan or not , any movie-lover should see this wonderfully stylish motion picture . ,
[7]	pos	pos	yes	sufi guru tells her , whom she finally meets and is driven to tears in his presence . he is the guru who replaced the one she wanted to see but who died before she got a chance to see him . the new guru is grounded in reality , something she is not grounded in , and seems to tell her what she couldn't comprehend from anyone else , even comforting her , by telling her that her tears are memories- a gift from god . the film's weakness was the empty feeling i got from watching the story unfold in its risk free tenor ( she was there basically to be just escaping from her situation ) and how unappealing the love affair seemed between bilal and julia . the storyline about a helpless single parent , detracted from the vibrant experiences many others of her same baby-boom generation had during their trip to morocco , who were taken in by the mystical culture of sufism , a teaching that has a lot to offer its followers , contrary to the impression the film might give , seemed to pass her by . her knowledge of that trip is only surface deep , at best . she perhaps would have been better off not taking the kids along , smoking some hashish , and have been less assured of herself but to have behaved more like a hippie and she wouldn't have been so uptight all the time and had some fun on her journey . after all , the mystical trip is the journey . the film's strength is in how all the characters are shown for what they are , and no one is that good or that bad , or judged too harshly for their shortcomings . bilal is unreliable but is capable of generosity . the little girls are precocious but they are lovable . julia , the cornerstone the film is built on , is a mother who cares about the children but doesn't know how to take care of them without unintentionally harming them . she was trying to escape from reality and that by returning to london , she has another chance to see if she can find the key to this world or whatever world she is looking for and should no longer have nightmares about where she's at . this is a very freudian way to look at things , as this sudden realization , that things are not right puts an an end to her eastern hippie odyssey , at least , for the time being . and , after all is said and done , who's to say if the children are also not better off for surviving their experiences , just like she probably was !
[8]	pos	pos	yes	silver's performance is one of a handful of solid roles in this deep film . schroeder directs on many different levels , with multiple plot lines which blend in wonderfully in the mind of alan dershowitz . there are flaws ; at times , the film gets overly theatrical . yet , due to glenn close's troubled and brutally honest performance as sunny von bulow , the use of her comatose body as a narrator works here fairly well . the flashbacks are good , but at times schroeder doesn't fill in the blanks . the movie could have benefited with the increased attention of certain developments during the film , and it could have used a better ending . the film progressed wonderfully before ending suddenly , without any intelligent conclusion . the supporting characters are often neglected , and dershowitz's team should have been allowed to grow character wise , but schroeder over-simplifies the story and the characters . yet , for all these flaws , the film is deeply engrossing because of irons . as von bulow , he is brutally evil . anti-semitic , prejudiced , arrogant , protective , he is a rotten , lying monster , whose conviction may have been wrong legally , but morally he was to blame . irons plays him to a cold perfection , with pathetic attempts to gain moral support for his claims to innocence . he is an adulterous liar and a cheat who in all likelihood committed the murder . however , the genius of reversal of fortune comes in its distinction between moral culpability and legal responsibility . there is no doubt von bulow is responsible for his wife's death by years of neglect and coldness . however , legally , did he do the murder ? schroeder dares the viewer to make up his own mind . with all the character flaws , reversal of fortune is an engrossing puzzle because it is intelligent ; he wants the viewer to make up his own mind . schroeder taunts the viewer with contradictory revelations , and then mentions that the answer to this compelling puzzle shall be revealed when we join sunny von bulow , in death . for all the failed dramatic theatrics , this is one that works beautifully . we don't know what happened . that sense of legal ambiguousness , along with von bulow's obvious moral guilt , is why reversalf fortune works . in the end , von bulow is as sadistic as ever . irons is haunting , and that is why reversal of fortune is so good .
[9]	pos	pos	yes	, cantankerous character is just a smidgen too commonplace . we've seen this woman countless times before in other incarnations , from on golden pond to cocoon . nevertheless , tandy manages to put enough of a personal stamp on the familiar character to make it her own . freeman , as hoke , on the other hand , gives the more distinctive of the two performances . there is something profoundly moving about the way hoke maintains his pride and dignity in a society which forbids him from using public rest rooms because of his skin color . hoke is uneducated and illiterate , but freeman always suggests that there is something more to this man , an inner strength beneath the simpleton exterior . both freeman and tandy seem to be in their element , in full command of their natural charisma . they flirt with the camera and dominate scenes without overtly calling attention to themselves . they bring a light touch to their humorous banter and to the movie's gentle humor . at the same time , tandy and freeman provide more than a few moments of truly poignant drama . in his first dramatic role , dan aykroyd is surprisingly chubby and unexpectedly effective as boolie , tandy's loving and patient son . drama seems to agree with aykroyd ; taking a break from comedy seems like a good move for the actor , especially when you consider the wretched comedies he has made recently ( ghostbusters ii , the great outdoors , my stepmother is an alien ) . the only other significant characters in the film are daisy's housekeeper , idella , marvelously played by esther rolle ( " good times " ) , and boolie's pretentious wife , played by patti lupone . under the direction of bruce beresford ( crimes of the heart , tender mercies ) , driving miss daisy seems a bit stagey now and again . but fortunately , beresford never forgets he's shooting a movie , and accordingly , he offers plenty of striking cinematic touches , such as gorgeous shots of flowers , trees , and tomatoes . in adapting driving miss daisy from the stage to the screen , the filmmakers have achieved a delicate subtlety . uhry understands that what his characters do not say can be just as important as what they do say . beresford wisely exercises restraint in the film's dramatic moments . the movie tugs at your heart , but it never goes for the jugular . the only sap in driving miss daisy is in the trees .
[10]	pos	neg	no	to do it . while de niro's travis might come in and out of particular times and places , other persons that appear in the film ( mostly played by the character actors ) give it distinctively 1970s feel . wizzard ( played by peter boyle ) presents the only link with america's better past ; but only because he is the oldest taxi driver in company and therefore everybody assumes that he " knows stuff " . his obvious inadequacy in giving advice to troubled travis illustrates the inability of pre-1960s generations to find answers to the problems of gloomy decade . other characters , on the other hand , show the bad side of new age . matthew " sport " ( keitel , who befriended real-life pimps in other to prepare for his role of a lifetime ) is dressed like a hippie ; iris found excuse for her escape to the world of drugs and child prostitution in a ideology of counterculture . porno movies , that should be the element of new times of sexual freedom , are too much even for supposedly " liberated " betsy . even the politicians , like senator palantine , are lost in post-vietnam and post-watergate mess ; his broad and senseless " messages " that cover the lack of any serious program can't fool even such idiots like travis . the past is gone , the present is bad , and even the future seems bleak , and the feeling of pessimism can't be washed away even by ironic happy end . travis and his world found themselves in a desperate situation , and martin scorsese uses the best of his cinematic skills in order to spill the gloom of schrader's screenplay into the silver screen . new york city in the night is portrayed as a hell on earth , and the red light and steam coming out of sewers give it surreal , almost stygian atmosphere . another important element of the atmosphere is score of great bernard herrman , whose efficient use of jazz elements gives some melancholy that softens the brutality of motion picture . one of the greatest ironies of taxi driver is the fact that the movie was , same as his protagonist , famous for the wrong reason . instead of receiving cult status because of his artistic merits , for many years it was tabloid-fodder because of hinckley and his real-life re-enactment of events in the movie . now , more than two decades later , when some other " life imitating art " incidents get more attention , we can finally enjoy taxi driver in all its artistic glory .
[11]	pos	pos	yes	child's return to roberta's class ( coming after the great old hollywood scene where he explains be can't be around anymore because " my mom said . . . " ) and a glowing concert . not knowing the running time , you may expect the credits to role at this point . but they don't . instead the film uses the next 45 minutes to finish its journey from bad to mediocre to excellent . director wes craven , known for his works of horror , uses some old sentimental tricks to get the audience tearing . one romantic break up scene is highlighted by the classic " but . . . last night . . . " and roberta's two children also have textbook conflicts with their single mother regarding their father's absence . the city of harlem plays a strong role in the movie . roberta's mother is initially reluctant to see her daughter move to that part of town and the film does nothing to combat that stereotype . the noise tracks for these scenes are dominated by sirens ; predictably one of roberta's students is gunned down and killed off screen . one thing the film does lack is subtlety . the fact that a little boy was playing " we shall overcome " on his violin after the aforementioned shooting was a cute and discreet reference . the fact that the entire orchestra begins to play it over and over soon after is an overdone reference that shows how little credit he gives the audience . ( of course , in horror films the foreshadowing and between-the-line moments are meant to be overdone , so perhaps he too is just learning to play the game . ) even with all its flaws , music of the heart is a beautiful film . that is not an excuse for the movie's poor beginning . but as i watched the scenes in carnegie hall , i thought of some of the great acts that have taken that stage . in december of 1979 a comedian named andy kaufman put on a show that will forever be remembered as one of the most original in theatre history . the performance included a dead-on elvis impression , robin williams in disguise and a moment at the end when kaufman announced he would take the whole audience out for milk and cookies . so , how did this comic genius choose to open the show of his life ? he had a character named tony clifton take the stage for the sole purpose of irritating and angering the audience . perhaps it is okay for music of the heart to start off rusty because just as kaufman had santa's favorite food , this movie has an amazing finale .
[12]	pos	pos	yes	happened to be where they were when they were . i'd really like to dissect each of the three storylines and especially how the film wraps up in the end , but that would take up too much time and space and spoil everything for those who haven't seen the film . perhaps the greatest element to the film is its constant surprises and unpredictability , and not due to plot twists or a confusing screenplay , just through great filmmaking . still , i can list and analyze nearly everything the film does so well : ? direction : trying to piece together such a complex story is no easy task and for a rookie filmmaker such as liman , it's a great accomplishment . he doesn't just depict a story , he wraps us up in it all , pulling us into the fray so that we experience every high and low . ? screenplay : besides being chiseled with detail and creative in general , it's clear the script has been inspired by many sources , with both obvious and subtle references , yet it never screams `rip-off . ' ? tone/mood : where other hollywood films have failed to bring the charm of the independents to the mainstream , this one is able to create its own sense of the macabre . it's not overly-dark or twisted and the comedy isn't so satirical for it to be considered a black comedy , more like `macabre light . ' ? cinematography/art direction : able to photograph both the intense and the lighthearted in the same manner . ? characterization : for nearly every character introduced , no matter what role they play in the big picture , we're able to get a sense of who they are , what they're thinking and how they came to be in their situations . even when their actions are surprising , it never seems very out of synch . ? performances : every actor nails their role ( see above ) . ? theme/theory : the film doesn't seem to be concerned with conveying any kind of political or social messages , instead , it's more of a philosophical experiment . in fact , it might not have meant to do that intentionally , but there definitely is something existential to it all . . . . and to think that `go' is just a big comedy and adventure ! ( 4/23/99 ) [see also : `the big lebowski , ' `clerks , ' `jackie brown , ' `pulp fiction , ' `true romance ; ' also by liman : `swingers']
[13]	pos	pos	yes	, natalie portman , christina applegate , lisa marie , tom jones . this is director tim burton's finest film to date . many will compare this tale of martians who invade earth to independence day , but even though the stories are similar , they really are two distinctly different films . however as a whole , mars attacks is much more entertaining than id4 , and i loved id4 . you really have to be in the right frame of mind to enjoy this film . it is completely wacked-out and unlike anything you've ever seen . once the silly tone of the film is set , it's easy to just sit back and throw logic out the window because logic and comedy just don't mix . the plot is simple : martians invade the earth . but it's different than any other invasion film . usually it's the evil aliens versus the heroic humans . this time however , it's the goofy aliens versus the equally goofy humans . the martians , who are all computer generated , are just about the funniest things i've seen in a long time . they look funny , they move funny , and their " language " is hilarious . and about the special effects . the effects in mars attacks ! are just about the most flawless ones i've seen to date . the computer animation of the martians combined with the goofy personalities they are given makes them seem 100% real . there are just a couple of scenes that don't work , mainly those involving sarah jessica parker and pierce brosnan on board an alien ship . also , glenn close overacts tremendously in her ( thankfully ) very limited screen time , so much so that i actually applauded silently when her character meets her demise . but there are many big laughs in the film , as i said , if you are in the right mood . could it have been funnier ? certainly . was it funny enough ? yes . was i entertained ? absolutely . on a personal note , i'd like to thank whomever cast rod steiger ( my favorite actor ) in the film as war-crazy general decker . finally , after many very small parts in direct to video garbage and minor tv roles , steiger is back on the big screen in a real movie that many people will see . while he's not given the type of role that you can give a real " performance " in , he does the job well and has some good lines of dialogue . the preview audience i saw the film with really seemed to enjoy him .
[14]	pos	pos	yes	when i was asked to see this movie with a friend , my initial reaction was ? not hugh grant ! ' i was perhaps wrong to be so harsh , but after his insidious flirtation with a street hooker , i just could not picture him in any romantic lead . what makes this movie a wonderful experience is not the fact it stars hugh , but because it stars julia and carries with it a brilliantly written script . this writer richard curtis , whose exceptional first work ? four weddings and funeral' shows us that he is a master in the domain of the romantic comedy , with splashes of drama thrown in between . hugh and his hair , is almost identical to the character that made him famous in ? four weddings' . he plays an ordinary guy who is down and out on his luck . unfortunately , he is type cast in this role , but fortunately it works well for him in this movie . if only he would dither a little less . julia knows this role well . the glamorous movie star who is searching for true love . there are moments in this movie , that you almost weep for her pain felt loneliness . how sad it must be to be so wealthy and beautiful , but to have no one to share it with . the writer deals with difficult issues of love and social class on various levels . how differences in social standing can make it almost impossible for love to grow in such a harsh environment . how the media can be as cruel as it can be attentive , and how fulfilment in life and love can be found in forgiveness and sacrifice .
[15]	pos	pos	yes	whisk nesmith away to a spaceship to help them defeat the evil sarris ( named , in one of the film's only mean-spirited gags , after village voice film critic andrew sarris ) . nesmith thinks it is only an elaborate gig , and sort of blows it off , but when he is transported -- or i should say shot -- back to earth in a rather celestial manner , he believes . next thing the cast knows , they are being dragged by nesmith to this spaceship . of course , they all think he is out of his mind and once he does convince them that there really is a spaceship , what they want to do is get out of there as fast as the transporters will take them . but after some persuading , they stay on to fight the icky sarris and find a way to provide a peaceful existance for the flailing thermians . i was quite surprised how well this comedy , which came off as utterly brainless from its marketing campaign , worked . taking shots at both the obvious and not-so-obvious elements of star trek and its fandom , galaxy quest never goes for cheap laughs , opting instead for broad but smart parody . nothing is safe -- not the cliches , not the fans , not the absurd taglines -- but on the other hand , everything is safe , since galaxy quest treats its subject with utter respect and sometimes even subtle admiration . the highlight of the movie is tony shalhoub's fred a . k . a . tech sergeant chen who , when in character , is the complete opposite of scotty from the original star trek . while scotty , who was the technician for the enterprise would constantly yell " i need more power down here captain ! " , chen's cry for help is more to the tune of " the core , like , won't take it or something . " it's a hoot , but it doesn't stop there : weaver , whose character has the menial task of repeating everything the computer says and rickman , with his relentlessly holier-than-thou attitude aren't far behind . galaxy quest succeeds as a funny parody of star trek and while it's not a masterpiece -- it tends to falter in its more serious moments -- it is immensely entertaining fluff and excellent counterprogramming to all the sober oscar contenders being released this holiday season . by grabthar's hammer , this is a hell of a movie .
[16]	pos	neg	no	on the perfect high note , with a mockery of the opening of casino . our hero ( jay mohr ) is seen walking from a casino and getting into his car , which subsequently explodes and sends him flying through the air against a backdrop of flowing fire . to describe the story of mafia ! is absurd and pointless , but i will mention that it basically follows the framework of the godfather films , with a lot of casino references inserted throughout . along the way , the parodies seem arbitrary , and rarely victimize mob films : pictures like the english patient , forrest gump , and jaws undergo severe and hilarious bashing . movies like this rely on just a few things , but the most important element is direction . abrahams has been down this path many times before ( hot shots ! , top secret ! , airplane ! , and any other film with an exclamation point in the title ) , and so i hold most of the success of mafia ! to his experience . he takes just the right attitude in each scene , and manages to wring at least a bit laughter out of even the most oddly placed references ( one inexplicable moment seems like it wants to make fun of titanic , but it never develops ) . the actors are all energetic , which helps a lot with the tone of the film . mohr ( suicide kings , paulie ) , who is quickly becoming one of my favorite actors , is so good here . he looks like he's having so much fun that he's containing his laughter in every scene ( watch his face in the sequence by the swimming pool ) . he's probably the only performer in the cast who manages to urge laughter without the help of the material . lloyd bridges does a decent imitation of brando's godfather , while pamela gidley is dead-on in a full-blown mockery of sharon stone . the hard thing about writing reviews for comedies is that i'm supposed to give examples of things and be specific . unfortunately , i was so constantly blindsided by laughter during mafia ! that i can't remember a lot of what made me laugh . but that's a good sign : mafia ! is so funny that i wasn't even given time to apply any of the scenes to memory . i laughed so hard that it shut off my brain . i know that doesn't sound particularly complimentary , but when watching a dumb comedy like this , the first thing i want to do is shut off my brain . finally , a film that does this for me .
[17]	pos	pos	yes	hospital room , she acknowledges what she is , and , in essence , passes the torch to nomi . the relationship between the two of them is the most honest one in the movie , and provides part of the impetus nomi needs to follow a different path . it is no accident that the three important parts in this movie are women of different stripe ; molly is an honest , hard-working person who means well , and nearly dies because she confuses the glitter and the image with reality . cristal is a talented dancer who's compromised her ideals and sold herself to be a co-operating part of the system , exchanging self-respect for the species of stardom that can be had in las vegas . nomi believes she can make it without selling herself , succumbs to a degree , and then realizes she can make it without selling herself , and doesn't need las vegas or its brand of " stardom . " the male parts in this movie are simply props ; they exist only to demonstrate and explicate the cultural milieu against which showgirls exist . kyle maclachlan , whose single best previous work was as an inhumanly emotionless cop in the hidden , gives us a nicely reptilian bit of pond scum on two legs , camouflaged as a nice guy . glenn plummer plays a dancer who's working as a bellboy , and provides a bit of alternate perspective . plummer's character is the only one in the movie who's maintaining an interest in dance as a performing art , but even he's succumbed to the cult of manipulation . plummer's character is the closest thing to a sympathetic male character in the whole movie . some of jost vacano's cinematography is fantastic , and one particular delineation of nomi's character alteration , a no-dialog scene using nothing but color changes in the lighting , is utterly terrifying . this movie is rated nc-17 due to language , sexual situations , full frontal nudity , violence , and probably the costuming as well . i don't see a way this particular story could have been told well without it , and i regard it as a legitimate exercise in movie-making . but don't go see it if you're not in a tough mood ; the only person it's possible to like in this movie ends up in an i . c . u . on life support , and there is probably not one character in this movie you'd enjoy meeting in person .
[18]	pos	pos	yes	states . she's working for gun dealer ordell robbie ( samuel l . jackson ) , but she keeps her mouth shut under questioning , despite pressure from ray nicolet ( michael keaton ) , a federal official . no longer sure whether or not he can trust jackie , ordell arranges for a bail bondsman , max cherry ( robert forster , tv's " banyon " ) to post the necessary $10 , 000 , then plans to shoot jackie if she proves disloyal . jackie passes ordell's test , however , and soon the two of them are plotting a way to smuggle $500 , 000 of ordell's money into the united states without tipping off the feds . soon , just about everyone is after that money , including jackie , max , ray , ordell's perpetually oversexed and drugged-out girlfriend , melanie ( bridget fonda ) , and his right-hand man , louis ( robert de niro ) . unsurprisingly , the most memorable performance is turned in by samuel l . jackson , but ordell isn't nearly as invigorating or compelling a character as jules from pulp fiction . in addition to looking fantastic , pam grier is also quite good , although hers is not an oscar- caliber performance ( although she might get a nomination ) . robert forster and michael keaton are solid in their tough-guys-who-rarely- smile roles . bridget fonda is around for three discernible reasons : to look sexy in a bikini , to provide a little twisted comedy , and to satisfy tarantino's foot fetish . robert de niro is criminally underused in a part that could have been played equally well by any grungy- looking , middle-aged actor . the film , which clocks in at several minutes over the two-and-a- half hour mark , is probably too long for the material , but the plot is convoluted enough to keep us guessing throughout ( although the payoff is a letdown ) . tarantino keeps things moving along nicely , with a heavier dose of humor and less violence than in pulp fiction , but , on the whole , this movie seems more like the work of one of his wannabes than something from the director himself . when it comes to recent caper films ( like the grifters and bound ) , jackie brown is a second-tier effort . it's an entertaining diversion , but not a masterpiece , and certainly not an oscar contender .
[19]	pos	pos	yes	to know his character either . gina ravera gives a good performance , but again she isn't in many of the scenes . so as a result of all these small supporting parts , the weight of the film lies on the two leads , and they do a phenomenal job . some of the best acting of this genre , and some of the best acting of the year . two other essential aspects of the film are quite good . director gary fleder does a good job of controlling his actors , but the second half of the film loses believability , especially during the revelation of the killer . he also doesn't handle the suspenseful scenes as a better director would have , losing a lot of tension during many scenes . however , to his credit , he does manage a terrific first half . part of the blame falls on david klass . i'm sure the book developed many of the lesser characters more , but klass focuses on the two main parts . while this may give the two leads more screentime , many of the small characters are one-dimensional , and the killer , when revealed , is extremely implausible . thanks to the smart dialogue adapted from the novel , kiss the girls always seems intelligent . none of the conversations are laughable , and all move the plot forward without seeming forced . one of the biggest problems i had with the movie was the motive of the killer . i blame this mainly on the casting director , because the killer's motive is because of rejection from women ( or so i assume from the opening monologue ) , but the killer himself is very attractive ( one of my friends is a , shall we say , big admirer of the killer ) . kiss the girls is rated r for terror , violence , language , and suggested sex . with all the implausibilities of this film , and with the mediocre second half , kiss the girls somehow manages to thoroughly entertain . in fact , i had the urge to see it again just for the performances . the cinematography adds a lot of mood to the already creepy tone , and the script is usually smart . this is clearly one of those movies which rely on the acting to pull it through . morgan freeman is possibly today's most convincing actor , and ashley judd adds another notch on her acting belt . i must also say that i loved the ending . the showdown between good and evil was quite tense , and the resolution of the scene makes almost anyone cheer . perhaps it may not be possible , but most of the film isn't anyway .
[20]	pos	pos	yes	suspects or chinatown , begs for the viewer's complete attention . miss a scene or even a small detail , and you could miss the meaning of the entire film . also like the aforementioned films , it rewards its viewer for paying attention by delivering a surprising and memorable ending . mamet is success doing again what he once tackled in 1987 when he wrote and directed house of games . like his past gem , the spanish prisoner fools the audience as much ( or even more ) than the victim . because we were deceived just like the victim , we feel a strong attachment to the main character and consequently are more interested in the film . mamet has the talent of not completely ending a film gift wrapped , but rather leaving some ambiguity towards the end . the power that he has in forcing the viewer to determine who the good guys and bad guys are once the film is over , without giving a right answer , is unique and ingenious . the spanish prisoner will leave you seriously puzzled and intrigued . after seeing the film again , i noticed that the details mamet uses are so incredibly accurate it is frightening . his direction is very subtle ; as he leaves so many clues explaining what is going on and who is who but it is still very difficult to tell what exactly is happening even if you see all of them , or think you see all of them . the story follows a young up and coming businessman , joe ross , ( campbell scott ) who has just created a mysterious and lucrative " process " that everyone is trying to get their hands on . soon ross does not know who he can trust or who is after his " process . " through his journey ross meets a number of mysterious characters : the rich and popular jimmy dell , a secretary who has a huge crush on ross , and ross' boss mr . klein . played by steve martin , rebecca pidgeon , and ben gazarra respectively , the supporting cast is very solid especially martin , who deserved an oscar nomination for his commanding and manipulative role . the most interesting character in the film , though , was campbell scott's joe ross . the character's transformation from an ingenuous and polite rookie to a paranoid veteran is very apparent and justifiable . david mamet's script is so interesting because we know people don't actually talk like the characters in the film , yet we feel so connected to some of them . his beguiling style could fool any viewer up for the challenge . this is a must see , for those interested in solving a complex puzzle of a movie .
[21]	pos	pos	yes	sexy dresses and getting closer to fernando . i can think of at least five other ( american ) movies ( including fried green tomatoes and an unmarried woman ) that are more than similar to bread and tulips . but maglietta and ganz , who act with restraint and care , help bread and tulips from becoming a tired retread . ganz plays the suicidal waiter role with a solemn , sometimes playful dignity that is a joy to watch , while maglietta never overreacts to her growing comfort with the outside world . throughout the movie , maglietta has an easygoing , confident demeanor , which makes it very easy to root for her and her growing attraction for ganz's character . the gorgeous scenery of moonlit town squares and sparkling rivers provides a perfect love story backdrop -- you just might want to ask the attractive stranger in the seat behind you for coffee after the lights come up . director and co-writer silvio soldini must get credit for sprinkling the movie with effective goofy humor . the cheap mimmo , desperate to find his wife ( after all , he needs his shirts ironed and his mistress won't do it ) , hires a job applicant ( giuseppe battiston ) at his bathroom supply firm to do the job . the reason ? mimmo discovers that the prospective plumber loves detective stories . the novice detective's various misfortunes , including him saying goodbye to his weepy mother , are very funny . unfortunately , there are flaws that somewhat spoil bread and tulips' cheery tone . rosalba is bothered by several surreal dreams during her time in venice , which bring the movie to a halt . it's like putting a gunfight in a nora ephron movie . several details in fernando's life also never get proper closure , including his suicidal tendencies . early in the movie , he nearly hangs himself before rosalba knocks on his apartment door . after that , fernando's step towards death is never made reference to , probably because soldini wanted to include a lukewarm , underdeveloped subplot about fernando's stormy past . it seems more like a desperate attempt to pump up the drama in a plot that doesn't need any . but there aren't a lot of overwhelming negatives in bread and tulips . the movie is fun and romantic , with beautiful scenery and characters whose lives we'd like to live if we had the nerve . . . or if our passports weren't missing .
[22]	pos	pos	yes	takes his sweet time getting there , and doesn't offer anything extremely compelling while doing so . there are , as always , amusing exchanges between characters . the funniest repartee is between de niro and fonda , as he becomes annoyed with her constant bickering while making fun of his iq , or lack thereof . the most interesting relationship is between max and jackie . a 56-year old white bail bondsman and a 44-year old black flight attendant with believable chemistry ? you've got to commend the acting . jackie brown is a seriously dragged-out exercise enlivened by such fine acting . the film clocks in at a lengthy 2 hours , 35 minutes . tarantino's talky style manages to hold your attention heavily , but there are more than a few dramatic lapses and crucial lulls in the storyline . also , fans of the director should be prepared for a lighter side to appear . jackie brown has four major shootings , and two of those take place mostly off-screen , so don't be expecting a typical tarantino bloodbath . you can expect frequent foul language , mostly coming way of ordell , who ( much to the dismay of spike lee ) uses the `n' word as part of his regular vocabulary . the acting is the glue that holds everything together . grier , making a sudden comeback from her reign in the 1970's , is more than adequate for the title character . in fact , she's flat-out great . another comeback comes from former tv star robert forster , who does a grand job as max cherry , and is perfectly cast in doing so . michael keaton makes his presence felt , albeit in small but dignified moments , and de niro is ideal in playing the lug-head who goes over the edge . speaking of that , bridget fonda has relatively little to do as ordell's bikini-clad beach babe , and yet she manages to look fairly occupied . there's not a single sign of misplaced dialogue or snubbed line throughout the entire movie . which is a life-saver for mr . tarantino . the story barely holds together in the meantime , and we merely get a small tremor whenever there should be a defeaning earthquake . but oh well . jackie brown manages to be an enjoyable detour from quentin tarantino , even if it is lacking the glaring and original bite of his previous work . let's just hope that the director hasn't gone soft on us .
[23]	pos	pos	yes	forty in the premises . i'm twenty-two , but have been accused of looking sixteen . yet as the film began , any consciousness of setting shifted to the home of five close-knit , yet troubled sisters . director pat o'connor ( inventing the abbots , circle of friends ) weaves a quiet yet affecting tale of loss , need , and the bonds between five sisters . the family is ruled by kate ( meryl streep ) , an unconsciously strict schoolteacher , who is completely conscious of the deterioration of her family . there is very little background given to the viewer , as we are thrust into a tense but loving home . squabbles take place one after the other , caused by years and years of history . perhaps one of the best things about this film , is its naturalness . no situation is over-wrought , and characters react as real people do , to real problems . this probably is a result of the film being from a stage play . the play was in turn is based on a time in the life of the playwright . what seems to be an underlying theme are the pagan rituals and dances of peoples , both in lughnasa and africa . in fact , dance seems to be the glue that holds the family together and most expressively shows their closeness . legs tap , and bodies sway even in the midst of impending disaster . only after the music stops , and the characters stand breathing heavily do we sense any trouble . in the quiet after the music we muse that it's sad that music has to cease , and families falter . the movie is framed by a scene of michael mundy , the narrator of the movie , as a young child flying a kite . he trips over a bump and loses hold of his string , and the kite floats off farther into the distance . drawn on the white diamond of the kite is a face that looks at once pained , and at another glance mischievous . the mundy family itself follows a similar fate to that of the kite , and kate's hold of the family isn't strong enough to hold off the winds of change . as michael stands , staring at his kite fly away , we hear the adult michael , looking back at the season that his world changed forever . the movie is not overpowering , but it gives us a beautiful window into the life , love , and trouble of a household of lonely women . note : this is the first movie review i've ever written , any responses on it would be greatly appreciated . : )
[24]	pos	pos	yes	in may of 1977 , just 2 years after steven spielberg's success with jaws and 3 years after francis coppolas' the godfather , a risky , ambitious young director named george lucas went for the same unpredictable box office success . little did he know that star wars would become the greatest science fiction epic in the history of film . in january of this year , lucas re-released star wars on its 20th anniversary . in this new , remastered version , the added effects , which range from leathery desert beasts inserted into already existing shots to an awkward new scene in which hans solo bargains his way out of a jam with a computer-generated jabba the hutt , don't do much but call attention to themselves . other than these , the film is exactly the same . why pay to see it in the theaters , you might ask ? simply because when this movie was released , most of us were a few years short of being born . we should all get up and go to the movies for the experience , especially if you haven't seen it . the plot is basic but in the same way , complex . it has many themes , but the one rotates around luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) and his quest to become a jedi knight . his mission begins when a droid named r2-d2 plays back a secret message recorded by the beautiful princess leia ( carrie fisher ) , which tells him to contact the mysterious obi-wan kanoby ( alec guiness ) . he and kanoby then , joined by two inter-galactic renegades , hans solo ( harrison ford ) and chewbacca , and skywalker's two droids d2 and c3po ( the voice of anthony edwards ) , wage war upon the corrupt empire , commanded by an evil general ( peter cushing ) and the traitorous darth vader ( the voice of james earl jones ) . skywalker defeats the evil empire by rising out of himself to embrace something larger : the force . the film is obviously quite star-studded . but how was lucas to know that ford would become one of the most sought after men in hollywood and jones' voice would appear so many more times in the future ? it just happened to work out for him . the magic of star wars lies in the way that skywalker's triumph is symbolized by the audience's sense of becoming something larger than life itself-a universe of fans , young and old , recreating a movie atmosphere that will impress generations forever . ,
[25]	pos	neg	no	`strange days' chronicles the last two days of 1999 in los angeles . as the locals gear up for the new millenium , lenny nero ( ralph fiennes ) goes about his business of peddling erotic memory clips . he pines for his ex-girlfriend , faith ( juliette lewis ) , not noticing that another friend , mace ( angela bassett ) really cares for him . this film features good performances , impressive film-making technique and breath-taking crowd scenes . director kathryn bigelow knows her stuff and does not hesitate to use it . but as a whole , this is an unsatisfying movie . the problem is that the writers , james cameron and jay cocks , were too ambitious , aiming for a film with social relevance , thrills , and drama . not that ambitious film-making should be discouraged ; just that when it fails to achieve its goals , it fails badly and obviously . the film just ends up preachy , unexciting and uninvolving .
[26]	pos	pos	yes	the would-be president's advisors , and hire lesbian veteran libby holden ( kathy bates ) as the campaign's eccentric " tougher than dirt " incriminator . together they face all sorts of sexual allegations , the irritatingly discourteous media and other witty politicians in the election race . in its satire and controversy , primary colors is a similar film to wag the dog : they both are not afraid to wipe their noses in the nitty-gritty and take a bold look at something that will never has honesty as a virtue . but whereas wag showed us how much affect a few people can have on the media , primary colors is much more concerned with fleshing out it's characters , letting us understand what they want and why , and making us truly appreciate the humanity and rectitude that they graciously represent . seeing john travolta play bill clinton so confidently and justly is enough to make the film more than worth a look . and the rest of the cast also make superb performances - adrian lester sharply portrays the intellect of henry whilst kathy bates is perfect as the robust and energetic libby holden . at occasions , you can't help but feel that these terrific characters are going to waste . there are long slabs of time where john travolta ( unquestionably the most interesting to watch ) is missed from the screen ; and since it is awkwardly structured as henry's story we are often forced to watch scenes that perhaps are not so necessary to the central plot - or even the point of the film . having said that , make no mistake - primary colors is always enjoyable to watch . but frequently we have to ask ourselves - exactly what are we watching ? most of the first half of its duration is a lightheaded look at melodramatic confrontations that seem so genuine we cannot help but laugh , but the way primary colors chooses to finish tackles aspects that are very contrary , and almost unsuitable , to the rest of the film . but as i mentioned before , there is a thin line between satire and controversy - and for the most part , primary colors delivers an entertaining indulgence of political matters combined with a far-from-overpowering look at winning the public's opinion . although at occasions the film may jump around a little too freely , focus is never lost on how important and vulnerable the subject matter really is . thankfully , it is clear to make the distinction on what is entertaining movie cosmetics and what is a provocative documentation of something so really it's scary .
[27]	pos	pos	yes	. but all of that changes when , after an unintentionally over-effective visit to a hypnotherapist , peter loses all of his inhibitions . he realizes his lifelong dream : to do absolutely nothing . he begins to blatantly disregard the nonsensical instructions of his boss , bill lumbergh ( gary cole ) , doing whatever he feels like . peter's friends and co-workers , samir ( ajay naidu ) and michael bolton ( david herman ) . . . no , not that michael bolton , are perplexed by their friend's sudden change in attitude . but , they have larger things to worry about : rumors about that initech is about to begin downsizing . . . as bleak as much of this sounds , let me assure you that office space is a comedy , and quite a funny one . although it shares the same absurdist office humor of the dilbert comic strip , office space is actually based loosely on the series of milton cartoons which aired on saturday night life . each mundane detail , taken by itself , seems completely , regrettably , plausible . yet , when combined into a whole , the picture which results is absolutely surreal . ron livingston tackles his role straight-faced , and becomes much funnier because of it . his character isn't simply being a clown lampooning around the office , but rather seems possessed by a zen-like clarity . he is operating on a higher plane , where everything suddenly makes sense , and from this vantage point , he allows the audience to smirk at the absurdities of life . anyone who has had to deal with the inefficiencies of corporate bureaucracy , or who has ever been frustrated with the technology of modern life , will recognize many of the characters and situations in the film . in fact , in addition to being wildly humorous , the film may actually prove to be cathartic . the animated roots of office space show in the film's lack of complexity . most of the characters in the film can be quickly summarized by a particular personality quirk . one employee , milton ( stephen root ) , is practically a flesh-and-blood cartoon . however , despite their simple nature , the characters still manage to be surprisingly funny . it's not required to have a corporate background to enjoy this film ( though the situations may seem exceedingly far-fetched if you are unfamiliar with just how close to reality they really are ) . the film is flimsy and absurd , but also very funny .
[28]	pos	pos	yes	their lives ahead . jim inquires what it feels like when you reach third base , to which one of his friends replies : `like warm apple pie . . . ' . of course , this prompts the scene unfairly exposed in the trailers , in which jim and a freshly baked pie have a very intimate moment in the kitchen corner . there are many moments , such as this , in which director paul weitz uses a game-plan similar to the one frequently displayed in mary : to cause the audience to break down laughing in disgusting disbelief . american pie is a hard-fought effort that has replenishing rewards if you manage to stick with it . i loved the young cast in this movie . consider the subject matter that these actors have dealt with , obviously suggestiveness never rivaled in any of their previous projects , and you should appreciate their performances . biggs is more than enjoyable , and chris klein ( who recently played a similar jock in election ) is obviously a young talent on the rise . but in a teen-dominated movie , the best performance comes from comedian eugene levy ( of television's sctv ) , who is unexpectedly brilliant as jim's uneasy father . scenes in which the familiar father-son conversations are brought to interesting new levels are the funniest moments to be found in american pie . after levy discovers jim's new use for apple pie , he tells him , `i did a fare share of that sort of thing when i was your age . but i never used baked goods . ' it is performances such as his , and bill murray's in rushmore , that are often unfairly dismissed when awards are handed out . there are some less-than-original aspects of the film . a bathroom incident involving finch and a bottle of ex-lax is something we've seen before . if weitz is planning to take after the farrelly brothers , then this is a decidedly unwise move : the same prank was pulled in the brother's dumb and dumber , and used to greater effect . secondly , the characters are forced into a half-hearted climax that seems more artificial than amusing . but at one point , in which we discover that american pie does have a heart of it's own , biggs asks his buddies why he's going through so much pressure for something that's `not very important anyway . ' and so we realize that while the film is expressive about a subject that is hardly appropriate , it still manages to be mature . in it's own way .
[29]	pos	pos	yes	. the real punch line however , doesn't come until the end . it really makes you wonder , how screenwriters really get their ideas , could it simply be from a friend or a bum in the street ? the idea itself is provoking and brooks does it in a hilarious manner . speaking of brooks , he was absolutely hysterical as a screenwriter . every time he graces the screen , i can't help but start laughing . albert has a very unique sense of humor that makes him a very likeable character . the real problem with the film lies with sharon stone . she wasn't likeable at all . brooks had the right idea with her occupation , but she never pulled through . in a way , she drained energy from the once funny atmosphere and left it bleak . luckily brooks could clean up the mess , and cover for stone's mishap . it was a shame that the film went slightly downhill after her appearance , because " the muse " had the potential to a be a very authentic comedy . on a brighter note , andie macdowell was also charming as brook's wife . she is always a nice addition as a supporting actress , because she has that charisma that seems to complete the atmosphere to any film she's in . the funniest moments in " the muse " in my opinion were the cameos by james cameron and martin scorsese . i mean imagine , brooks seeing these big named directors in his back yard seeking sharon stone for advice , like it was something out of the ordinary . it was just plain hilarious . it just adds to the satire joke , of how directors get ideas . brilliant move by brooks . as i mentioned before , the film is a satire much like it's proceeder bowfinger , which came out a few weeks before . unlike bowfinger , this is not a mean spirited film that's desperate for jokes , it's rather a witty and humorous look at hollywood . " bowfinger " had it's moments , but had quite a few problems that were never worked out , but " the muse " still managed to keep the laughs despite a bit of a detour . by the end of the film , you're glad to see a good hearty comedy come out of it . for once i'm not fully disappointed , because the film didn't slow down , it kept moving , even with some flaws . thumbs up to brooks for his brave effort . i think he'll still manage to keep his edge around well into the future .
[30]	pos	pos	yes	job and the family of four sink into impoverishment . while set several decades ago , this story remains completely relevant in today's society , where abused wives return to their husbands , and abuse committed against children by one spouse is routinely overlooked by the other . the real star of this domestic drama is not top-billed jennifer jason leigh , but child actress jena malone , who plays bone in a wrenching and wholly impressive debut performance . her work is of award-calibre , and in this age in which a preponderence of superb child performers have emerged ( kirsten dunst , tina majorino , anna paquin , natalie portman , christina ricci , elijah wood ) , malone's performance stands up well . leigh's performance in bastard out of carolina is fine , although she's not really given much to do , and ron eldard work is very solid , skillfully manouvering his character's moods in and out of explosive rage . one can always sense that underneath his glen is a pressure-cooker ticking away . of the supporting cast , special note must be made of the criminally underrated michael rooker's performance . there's a bit too much generic formulaism in the screenplay for my taste , from the various characters spouting off country bumpkinisms , to the familiar sight of a dried-up uptight wise old granny ( played by grace zabriskie ) sitting on the porch rocking chair , to impassioned soliloquies better suited for a stage performance . still , it cannot be denied that anne meredith's screenplay contains a wallop of emotional power . huston's direction of the film is surehanded and impressive , giving the film good pacing and eliciting good performances from her cast , particularly the young malone . her sequences of child abuse are shot in a hard-hitting emotional , rather than graphic , manner , and are very effective . huston's talent with camera positioning is wonderful , from a visually striking shot done through a fan , to an extended sequence in the front seat of an automobile . the film has the toned-down feel of a television production ; bastard out of carolina was originally composed and cut for broadcast on the tnt cable station , who ended up declining the film due to sentiments that scenes of abuse and rape in the film were too disturbingly realistic for their audience . perhaps some sequences of the film may be unpleasant , but as a whole bastard out of carolina adds up to a powerful viewer experience worth seeing .
[31]	pos	pos	yes	is strangely enjoyable . with all the elements of a direct to video horror flick ? buxom babes , gore , cheesy dialogue , and bad acting ? any casual film viewer would be more inclined to spend their money on renting innocent blood or going to see blade . still , it is considered to be one of the finest british vampire film . agreed , it might be , but is far from being the best vampire flick ever . period . razor blade smile has some rather high production values , shown by the nice overall tone to the film . the film is also a bit of a departure from popular vampire lore , with a vampire that can go out in broad daylight without disintegrating , doesn't sleep in a coffin ( but leaves one next to her computer ) , and sees religion as the `opium of the peoples' ( hence , immunity to crosses ) . but aside from that , it doesn't stray too far away from horror film conventions . that is , unless that is intentional . razor blade smile literally goes for the throat , then pumps the wound full of processed cheese . you can't help but laugh when a female vampire gets decapitated and her severed head goes flying into a puddle . you'll laugh even harder at the hideously contrived situations ( to distract two female guards , lilith tosses a cellular phone towards them and dials the number ) . you'll laugh the hardest when a murder witness recants the tale and suddenly starts sobbing uncontrollably . and then , there's the sudden twist ending ( i have enough heart not to give it away ) . the film refuses to take itself seriously , which is a good thing , as by the time lilith zips up her skin-tight body suit and then unzips it just to show the right amount of cleavage , you've most likely forgotten the main point of the story . but in case you really care , she's been assigned to kill a bunch of people who belong to the so-called illuminati , and she's leaving a huge mess behind for the police to find . as much as my criticisms , this movie works best as a guilty pleasure or as a film that you watch with your friends and within groups . almost destined for cult-status , the film's campy , cheesy overtones actually work towards the film . while this may not necessarily be the film you'd want to be seen watching by yourself , it makes for a fun time at the movies .
[32]	pos	pos	yes	managed to land on the planet moments before an eclipse is about to occur , taking away their one protection from the monsters . the group's savior comes in the form of johns , whose decisive leadership looks to deliver them from purgatory . or does it ? pitch black deviates from the standard sci-fi fare by avoiding some of the stock " escape the boogieman " conflicts the genre typically serves up . just as the planet gave a false facade of lifelessness , first appearances given by the survivors proves to be just as false . the excitement of the film comes not from the danger posed by the creatures , but rather from watching the shifting allegiances and emotional growth of the characters as the planet serves as a deus ex machina of sorts to catalyze emotional growth . a recurrent theme runs throughout the movie of faith , whether it be religious or in a person , and how that powers their motivations . i found it telling that an accidental death occurs early on due to the misperception of a self professed atheist . conversely , imam constantly contributes any good fortune to allah . one by one , his perceived heaven sent blessings are taken away and crushed . imam is forced to reassess his faith . another character expresses belief in god , along with a life long hate . yet another character makes a decision that echoes the sentiments of christ about selflessness and has lasting repercussions for several of group . it is a fascinating character study hiding under the guise of a scare flick . special mention should be made of vin diesel , who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a truly mesmerizing presence . his character could have easily slipped into a parody of the baddass killing machine , but twohy and diesel add surprising depth to riddick . they can be excused for the two or three shwarzenegger-like catch phrases that growl their way out of diesel's mouth . the movie has its flaws that can be nitpicked . the creatures do look derivative of the ones in alien . the dialogue isn't the freshest at times , reminiscent of a bad comic book . yes , the appearance of riddick's vision skills are more than a little timely considering the situation . these trappings are on the periphery of the story twohy is really trying to tell . twohy may have lured you in under the pretense of scaring you with film fabricated boogieman , but he shows the real boogieman to be the prejudices and beliefs we use to direct decisions in our lives .
[33]	pos	pos	yes	notion the viewer already knows how the mob works ( probably from watching other gangster movies ) , and although this attitude comes across , the film tries to fill in all the holes where and when it can and the effort is appreciable . thankfully the film doesn't become too caught up in the tedious details of organized crime , and instead opts for character development . much of the story is told simply through the interaction between lefty and donnie . pacino is outstanding here as the pathetic hood who speaks of his job in the same manner any blue collar worker would . he's old and exhausted but seems to enjoy what he does , just as anyone loyal to the same employer for over 30 years might be . we learn of his accomplishments , which are quite impressive within their context , and when he complains about not being made top boss , it's easy to sympathize with him . newell constantly plays up this aspect , making it a major theme which works well in the long run . as donnie is constantly impressing and even one-upping lefty , it's hard to tell which emotion is more powerful : the fact donnie is getting closer to nailing the mob ; or the fact lefty has once again been over shadowed . most of the film tells the story of donnie's life in mafia , which creates for many sub-plots and individual conflicts , but doesn't always seem to come together as a whole . the storytelling is genuinely interesting throughout , even when the motions the characters go through seem familiar . the resonance to donnie's actual assignment varies , he often reports back to the feds with detail of his progress , but it doesn't always seem to have much meaning . back home , his wife maggie ( heche ) is ready to divorce him because he's never a and the family is suffering . since this is based on a true story i wouldn't doubt this would happen , although the way it is handled often borders on the melodramatic . my only major complaint is the film seems to have no final act , or at least any real sense of closure . a climax of sorts does occur , but there's little feeling of a payoff . we get a happy ending , which is good , but perhaps a sad ending would have been more powerful . aside from a few minor , general flaws , " donnie brasco " manages to be a solid piece of storytelling and character development . it may be routine , but it's good , and that's respectful .
[34]	pos	pos	yes	( doug hutchison , a time to kill ) , is a young and sadistic guard sitting on a transfer to a more lucrative position because he has yet to see a prisoner " fry " up close ; and hal moores ( james cromwell , babe : pig in the city ) is the compassionate warden for whom , despite all the executions he's witnessed , death never loomed as large as when his own wife was diagnosed with a tumor . while it is mr . hanks " everyman " performance at the center of the film which gives it the anchor to hold our interest for 180 minutes , it is the performances of his supporting cast that are most worth noting . all involved do credible work in their respective roles , most especially mr . duncan , who turns in an impressive , fully realized characterization . if only the story were more credible . writer/director frank darabont ( the shawshank redemption ) has crafted a flawed fantasy/allegory of sorts ; one which is more spiritualistic than spiritual , relying on a preternatural mysticism rather than a genuine and godly spiritual power . mr . darabont also overplays his hand considerably in the manipulation of our affection towards and association with his characters . was it an accidental omission that the first two inmates who walked the green mile were being punished for crimes never disclosed ? by not knowing the reason for the condemned convicts' presence on e-block , the audience never gets the sense of the justice which is being carried out , making the death penalty appear cruel and unwarranted . this is especially true during the gruesome depiction of the second execution which was horribly botched . much has also been made of coffey's christ-like ability to heal but unlike the numerous healings which are recorded in the scriptures , coffey's powers are shrouded in mystery , taking on the feel of a circus trick , coupled with a voodoo-like " i feel your pain " transference . in contrast , there is no mystery associated with the healing that is from god . the genuine " gifts of healing " listed in 1 corinthians 12 is just one of the nine manifestations of holy spirit and can be operated by any spiritually instructed man or woman in accordance with the knowledge and wisdom of god . true spiritual healing ( with few exceptions ) requires the committed believing of both the healer as well as the one being healed . such believing comes not from the shrouded secrets of mysticism , but from the revealed word of god .
[35]	pos	pos	yes	i guess there are those who have never been kissed before ( a rare and dying breed ) , except if you're child ? in which case it would be called experimenting . rarer still are those who have never been kissed before they reach the twenties . hardest to believe still , is that drew barrymore has never been kissed . despite all these hard to believe tit bits , there are people out there who have never truly been kissed , and who are still waiting for that right person to give them the wet , sloppy warm feeling of tongues intermingling , reassuring them that their search for true love is over . well , this movie is about a girl waiting for the right boy to give her the kiss of her life . and it's sweet . drew barrymore who shone in ? ever after' is wonderful as ? josie , grossy' , the high school dweeb who becase a professional editor , before being assigned by her paper to return to school as an undercover reporter . it addresses the issues of how a dweeb , becomes a prom queen and finds the man of her life all in one sitting . hard to believe , but possible . there may also be those who have been kissed before , but in fact , never truly been given the kiss . so this movie can be watched by those who are waiting for true love or those who are still searching for it . either way , it is one enjoyable sit , with a fairytale ending .
[36]	pos	pos	yes	to outshine the reigning king of comedy in the laughs department of a film ? ms . linney is a delight in the film . but it is mr . carrey who rules the show here . he may not have been intuitively the most obvious choice to portray underdog hero truman burbank -- the role is seriously lacking in any of the frenetic comic interludes which typify his traditional parts -- but he brings to the character tremendous energy and eminent appeal : it's difficult not to root for truman . in a commanding performance , mr . carrey lends our protagonist an inherent sense of decency and integrity which makes him a genuinely engaging presence , and acquits himself impressively in this dramatic turn , demonstrating admirable restraint -- there's an early scene where he's down on his knees gardening , and given his past track record , one almost instinctively anticipates mr . carrey to pull one of more infamous , and in this case , wholly inappropriate sight gags . it's almost poetic how this notorious look-at-me actor successfully tones it down to play a character who's constantly the centre of attention . in addition to the fine performances by the bulk of the cast -- mr . emmerich is particularly noteworthy for issuing his character a sense of sturdy trustworthiness -- the film is immeasurably aided by wonderful production design by dennis gassner in creating truman's antiseptic , white picket-fenced smalltown utopia , and by burkhard dallwitz's original score . technical credits are first-rate all around . while the truman show is clearly a definitive high-concept film , it's not exactly a dazzlingly innovative one -- obvious predecessors utilising common elements abound , ranging from 1965's secret agent through to the groundbreaking british 1967 tv series the prisoner . all the same , this is a visionary , award-calibre film : entertaining , provocative , and intelligent . the curious ( and possibly disturbing ) thing may be that although upon first glance the plausibility of the film's concept seems unfathomably outrageous , it's abundantly clear that our society is rapidly approaching , if not actualisation , at least permissiveness of such a scenario . perhaps the highest compliment which can be paid to mr . weir is that his depiction of this bizarro state is so convincing that we accept it without question . perhaps we recognize a bit of ourselves in this world .
[37]	pos	pos	yes	previously nominated for an oscar in 1989 , deserves her second nomination for her earnest , moving portrayal of a lost , scared woman torn between staying true to her battering , manipulative husband or leaving him to live the life which for which she longs . judi dench is sharp , incisive , and occasionally greatly touching as armande voizin . carrie ann-moss , in what is likely to be her first largely noticed ( and acclaimed ) role since the matrix , shows a more solid side of her acting skills not previously seen , crafting a character that the viewer both sympathizes with and despises simultaneously . victoire thivisol shows much promise as anouk , a young girl hoping her always-on-the-move mother will eventually settle down . a trade ad for chocolat sums up best the power the actresses have on screen with the tagline : " five extraordinary women , one extraordinary movie . " that's not to say the men don't do their share , though : alfred molina makes for a sly and utterly repugnant antagonist , hugh o'conor adds quite a bit of comic relief as the priest who seems to not even know why he is who he is , and johnny depp gives a strong performance as the pirate roux , who enters the film late in the game and sparks the romantic interest of vianne . the technical aspects of chocolat are strong across the board : lasse hallstrom directs his enchanting fable with great care , perfectly balancing the elements of each genre to be found within the film . cinematographer roger pratt brings an atmospheric , fairy tale look to the film , and rachel portman's masterful score is her best and most memorable since the cider house rules . chocolat , adapted by robert nelson jacobs from the joanne harris novel , is a wonderful little treat of a film , one that will most likely win over the hearts of audiences and the votes of academy members this winter , and the aggressive backing of miramax films assures the latter . while not as powerful as the cider house rules , lasse hallstrom's chocolat is a film which works on all levels-as a drama , a comedy , a fable , a romance , and a fairy tale . and it even lives up to its name : it is delicious to savor the taste of , easy to digest , and , like all excellent chocolate , it is memorable for days afterward . the bottom line : chocolat is pure pleasure .
[38]	pos	pos	yes	take-off . when the vision begins to come true , alex bolts for the door , dragging several students and a teacher in his wake . the plane takes off without them and explodes just as alex predicted . he becomes an object of fear and suspicion among the community , and the tension only increases as the survivors begin to die . alex and another survivor , clear rivers ( ali larter ) , investigate the suspicious " suicide " of a friend , and a mortician ( tony " candyman " todd ) clues them in to the truth : alex interrupted death's design by saving people who should have died in the explosion , and death will want to claim its rightful victims . in order to save himself and the others , alex will have to figure out death's new plan and thwart it . of the countless horror films that have competed for a piece of the " scream " audience , " final destination " is the best so far . talented young screenwriter jeffrey reddick offers a fresh variation on a familiar formula . we've seen hundreds of movies where a group of teenagers are murdered one-by-one by a faceless slasher , but reddick cuts out the hockey-masked middle-man and makes the villain death itself . first-time feature director james wong made the most of that premise . every scene is permeated with creepiness and foreboding , reminding us that death is everywhere , can come at anytime . everyday objects and events vibrate with menace . the most amusing harbinger of doom : john denver's " rocky mountain high , " which is played several times in the movie before someone dies . ( the link is that denver died in a plane crash , and the song includes a line about fire in the sky . ) the performances are stronger than those usually elicited by teen horror . devon sawa , who previously starred in another horror flick , " idle hands , " gives a frantic and convincing lead performance . kerr smith is carter hogan , an antagonist of alex's whose quick temper causes him to pulled off the fatal plane . smith plays carter as filled with anger and confusion that constantly threatens to bubble over into violence . seann william scott , who's also in theaters right now in " road trip , " plays the somewhat dim billy hitchcock and provides a needed counterpoint to the intensity of alex and carter . tony todd's one-scene cameo is delicious but all too brief . bottom line : watchable teen fright flicks are few and far between , but this destination is worth visiting .
[39]	pos	pos	yes	shows that he can handle drama , as obviously , his character suffers quite a bit here . it's wonderful to see neve campbell outside of a horror movie , ( she was the star of scream 1 and 2 , and the upcoming scream 3 ) as she handles comedy superbly here . her voice , smile , and personality are more than perfect for romantic comedies- stay with this genre , neve . neve is delightful as her conflicted character , who feels love for oscar , but knows , based on rumors , that he is gay . as usual , campbell is likable as her likable character . unlike the other two leads here , dylan mcdermott is flat in his dialogue , and is never convincing . when his character his present , mcdermott sets a dull tone to the scene with his horrible acting . stick to the t . v . drama , the practice , dylan . the major weak spot in three to tango is the direction of damon santostefano . no originality or technique is used whatsoever . three to tango is lucky that the script is so edgy and that perry and campbell are wonderful in comedy , or else the film would have been a disaster , as it is just plain boring to look at . three to tango is a film done many times before , as the plot is suspiciously close to 1998's the object of my affection , but the plot has never been completed so well . three to tango's script , written by rodney patrick vaccaro and aline brosh mckenna is fun , fast , and funny , delivering not only original , hilarious gay jokes ( not your run of the mill material ) , but a certain snappiness in the dialogue between characters that always keeps you smiling . unlike last summer's south park : bigger , longer , and uncut and 1997's in & out , three to tango is a comedy in which the gay element is not crude or vulgar . the script is wise to take this route , as gays can't ( i don't think so , anyway ) be offended by this light , playful comedy . ( to prove this , a gay couple was in the audience who were laughing constantly . ) three to tango's climax is a hilarious , clever scene that is pure irony based on the outcome of most romantic-mistaken identity comedies . three to tango is a gem . the bottom line : three to tango is a light , sharp , snappy romantic comedy with a superb ending , and great stars . one of the better romantic comedies of 1999 .
[40]	pos	pos	yes	history . ok , let's not be a spoilsport . grease is a fun and entertaining movie , even though it stretches credulity to see such performers as travolta , olivia newton-john , taxi's jeff conaway and the multi-talented stockard channing try to act like high schoolers . it's nostalgic to recall how good a dancer travolta was , and it's sad to think of what could have been had not a few missteps sidetracked his career . he could have become a musical comedy star in the tradition of gene kelly . cinematically , the musical comedy has basically gone the way of the dinosaur . between grease and 1996's evita . , you can probably count the number of movie musicals on one hand . two reasons have contributed to the demise of the genre : the first is that movie audiences have become more sophisticated , no , make that cynical and jaded . today , if a character began to dance and sing with no orchestra in sight , he or she would probably be hooted off the screen . today's audiences lack the innocence , that belief in movie magic that is required for a musical to succeed . secondly , a lack of talent . performers with the charisma , the style , the larger-than-life panache of fred astaire , gene kelly , ginger rogers and judy garland are gone . most singers and dancers remain on the stage , and those who do succeed in movies usually wind up in serious dramatic parts . a good example is gregory hines , one of the greatest dancers in the world . he danced a bit in the cotton club , tap and white nights , but those were essentially dramatic vehicles . so , perhaps the reissue of grease can serve a purpose . if audiences show enough interest , meaning if the re-release earns the studio enough revenue , it may spark a revival in movie musicals . perhaps not original musicals such as singin' in the rain , an american in paris or seven brides for seven brothers , but for broadway properties that have been in the planning stages for film adaptations for several years . at one time or another , according to the industry rumor mill , hollywood has been set to create an animated version of andrew lloyd webber's cats , a filming of the popular phantom of the opera as well as les miserables and chicago , the latter reportedly to star madonna . so , let this grease be the forerunner of an armada of movie musicals . let grease be the word that sparks this revival .
[41]	pos	neg	no	let's face it : since waterworld floated by , the summer movie season has grown * very * stale . with no new eye-candy for four weeks straight , we've had to sustain ourselves on the quasi-nutritional value of cheatin' husbands , traveling chocolate salesmen , and computer- generated serial killers . sigh . thank god for desperado . the freewheeling sequel to el mariachi--director robert rodriguez's notorious $7000 debut--stars a cool antonio banderas as the returning guitarist with no name . he's a man in black with revenge on his mind , and an arsenal in his case . ( the woman he loved was killed in the first film . ) so , he spends the entire story shooting drug dealers ; sort of a tex-mex version of the punisher , if you will . there isn't much of an emotional core to desperado . rodriguez is having too much fun finding new and innovative ways to pay homage to john woo . ( and sergio leone . . . and sam peckinpah . . . ) some may wince at the body count--at least 100 graphic killings is a fair estimate--but it's all played for laughs . big , broad , hispanic laughs that , for me , recall the physical comedy of blake edwards and his pink panther films . sick , slick fun .
[42]	pos	pos	yes	when you find lewis the least bit attractive , although she's not nearly as obnoxious as usual in from dusk till dawn . the first half of the movie has the criminals and hostages trying to get to and through the mexico border , clooney's strategy involving hiding in the rv shower while lewis is on the toilet . it does its trick ; the border guard takes one look at lewis relieving herself and immediately goes blind , never noticing clooney or tarantino . once they get to mexico , it's time to wait at the rendezvous point , a topless bar called titty twister where we're once again reminded tarantino wrote the movie as he drinks champagne off the foot of a stripper . finally , after about ten minutes of intercut boob shots and clooney forcing keitel and lewis to drink with him , the stripper turns into a vampire . soon half the people in the bar are vampires and the other half fall or fight back . that's right , we've come all this way to see a vampire movie . but like everything else , tarantino takes this age-old genre and twists it to his own ends to produce over-the-top entertainment . so we get holy water condom balloons , heads rolling , quadruple impalement on an overturned table and keitel getting bitten by a vampire and announcing he only has a few minutes left before he becomes " a lap dog of satan . " the from dusk till dawn dialogue is 100% tarantino , hovering between absurd and disgusting ( as when they're entering the nightclub and cheech marin announces the main attractions of the titty twister ) , but always entertaining , and is a huge reason the movie is so much fun to watch instead of being one more second-rate gorefest . clooney , keitel and especially tarantino are so over-the-top with their delivery that the dialogue is that much more hilarious , ensuring not one second of from dusk till dawn is taken the least bit seriously . stuff like this would be terrible in any other movie , but tarantino and rodriguez know exactly what to do to entertain people , even if there's absolutely no message or meaning to from dusk till dawn . pulp fiction had the vulgarity and violence for a reason , but this movie just throws it out for cheap entertainment . from dusk till dawn isn't the classic of modern cinema that pf is , but is does prove you can do a good job making a really bad movie .
[43]	pos	pos	yes	the small-scale film , in limited release , " waking ned devine " is a pleasant excursion to a time and place which allows the audience to absorb the full texture of a small town . filled with breathtaking scenery , 'characters' , and delightful music , the movie would be interesting even without a plot . the story contains several surprises which are best left unmentioned in a review . the film starts out with a sharp opening , which gives us a taste of what is to follow : country folk with an inclination for a bit of larceny . what gets things going is the fact that a winner of the lottery is apparently one of the residents in the small town ( pop 52 ) of tullymore . who that person is , and how to share in the good fortune is the mission of two longtime friends jackie ( ian bannen ) and michael ( david kelly ) . part detectives , part scalawags , they have to stay alert to the changing circumstances they face as the story unfolds . the village consists of several amusing characters . a clueless pig farmer , temporary priest , and a witch . there's also the lotto man who must be satisfied that everything is on the up-and-up . there are no hollywood touches to this film - except for the outer space introduction [ ! ] . pacing is right . towards the end , it runs a bit out of steam , but that's okay because for most of the 90 minutes we've been interested in the goings on . a mixture of laughs and ( occasional ) sentiment - all the right emotions are engaged . in one brief dream sequence - you'll know it when you see it - a fantastic combination of color and music transports the characters to a place you really hope exists . one of the key moments in the film . the music , available on cd ( london 289 460 939-2 ) follows the same arc as the movie and is well worth considering . a fine film that's for everybody except action fans . somewhat like 'the englishman who went up a hill and came down a mountain , ' . . . but livelier .
[44]	pos	pos	yes	actions ( something he really cannot do ) is somehow an act of treason . when bulworth decides he wants to live after all , and therefore must constantly evade a grim-looking assassin to be who's trailing him at every turn , he hides out in the ghetto , complete with a stereotypical gangsta wardrobe which he wears to one of his television interviews . at this point , beatty abandons much of the political aspect and dives into a cartoonish exploration of the black inner-city experience . bulworth becomes friendly with a young black woman named nina ( halle berry ) , who he meets at the harlem church rally . she has a tough-talking brother who is deep in debt to a local gangster named l . d . ( don cheadle of " boogie nights " ) , who also becomes involved in bulworth's campaign . some of the scenes in the ghetto ring true , but much of it feels like a lighter version of scenes depicted in more intense inner-city films like " boyz'n'hood " ( 1991 ) and " menace ii society " ( 1993 ) . " bulworth's " chief liability is beatty's insistence on having his character adopt a clumsy style of rap as his new communication device . instead of speaking at political rallies , he breaks into a kind of rhythmless rap style that is a reminder of why almost all hip-hop stars are black . it's hard to tell whether beatty is being humorous by being so bad , or whether he's actually that incompetent . at any rate , the rap sounds more run d . m . c . than snoop doggy dogg , which makes the film seem dated instead of contemporary . beatty would have been better off simply adopting some of the inner-city lingo and working that into his speeches , instead of trying to sound like l . l . cool j . other than that , " bulworth " hits all its targets with wry , hilarious accuracy . the film is like a letter bomb to the democratic party , and even if you don't agree with beatty's liberal message about the unrequited duties of the federal government , it is hard to deny the impact the film has in exploring the monetary and moral debauchery that infests modern politics . unlike " primary colors " which opened earlier this year , " bulworth " doesn't try to tip-toe around the truly painful issues that hit close to home - instead , it takes them dead-on .
[45]	pos	pos	yes	which showed up in the short-lived " the ben stiller show " on the fox network in late '92/early '93 . like " the critic " ( which aired on abc , then fox ) , i still mourn that show's cancellation . cameron diaz is absolutely enchanting for most of the film , although her character seems obsessed with perfection in the men she dates , and some of the qualities she looks for make mary look paper-thin at times . however , diaz pulls the role off with such panache and charm , that you can still see why she's got guys just falling over each other to be with her . heck , i even found her laugh to be cute , even though i thought it was annoying during an appearance she made on the tonight show last week . my girlfriend remarked that matt dillon doesn't change , and you know , it's really true . he and ralph macchio must hang out or something . maybe they live in dick clark's pool house . anyway , here's another good piece of casting , as dillon slips beautifully into the role of the guy who tries to worm his way into mary's heart . the supporting performances are also good . chris elliott has a bigger part than in the abyss ( yes , check it out next time ) , and less annoying than in cabin boy . lin shae , who plays mary's neighbor magda ( and also appeared as the landlady in kingpin ) , provides some good laughs , especially in scenes with her benji-like dog , which acts as the focal point for a few of the funniest moments of the film . lee evans , as mary's friend tucker , displays a flexibility in acting and accents which surprises and contributes to an interesting plot twist . the farrelly brothers and scriptwriters ed decter and john j . strauss keep the comedic pacing going so that there aren't any noticeable times where the film drags . the only problem i saw was their use of a couple of musicians who provide segues between several key scenes . they appear out of nowhere and actually sing plot-relevant information right toward the camera . it's a device which was amusing for about three seconds when they opened the film . after that it got a little annoying , and it's unfortunate that those spots interrupt what would otherwise be a smooth flow . fortunately , filled with sight gags , humorous lines , and solid comedic acting , there's something about mary will still have you laughing after you leave the theater .
[46]	pos	pos	yes	such ) , he came in every now and then , and rarely added anything of interest to the plot . all he seemed to do was swear and call people the c-word umpteen times , and even described one scene as it was happening ( " . . . so i opened the door , then went up the lift , etc . . . . " -it's like , yeah , i know that already , i could see it on the screen ! ! overdone . ) . i also didn't quite " buy " the ending of the movie , which despite being original , seemed a little unbelievable , especially when you consider that it's supposed to be taking place 30 years later , and folks still seem to be holding grudges , still in love , still living in the same apartments ? ? ! ? i mean , c'mon . . . it's 30 years , man ! ! i don't know , somehow it didn't work all that well for me . but one of my favorite genres has always been the crime movies , and this one is a decent addition to the lot . forget the lame title and malcolm mcdowell's narration of the obvious plot points , and concentrate on the film's stronger attributes such as its style , the exquisite atmosphere of the time period , its original look at the gangster dynamic within the same group , its memorable sequences and the solid performances from its two main leads , bettany and thewlis . incidentally , unlike a few of the gangster flicks that i mention below , this one is in no way a parody or homage to this genre of films . . . it's the real deal ! note : this film is packed with strong accents all around , which makes it hard to make out some of the words from time to time . it's also quite violent and i don't remember any film that used the c-word as much as this one , so leave the kids at home for this one . . . ; ) where's joblo coming from ? american psycho ( 10/10 ) - a clockwork orange ( 9/10 ) - donnie brasco ( 8/10 ) - fight club ( 10/10 ) - get carter ( 7/10 ) - godfather ( 10/10 ) - godfather ii ( 10/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 ) - lock , stock & two smoking barrels ( 8/10 ) - pulp fiction ( 8/10 ) - reservoir dogs ( 9/10 )
[47]	pos	pos	yes	bruce lee was a bigger-than-life martial artist ( and ) actor . bruce's unique character ( i . e . , self-produced sound effects , etc . ) and seemingly perfected martial art and physique were all well portrayed by the actor , james lee . the story is told from his wife linda's point of view where she put a lot of family and practical side of bruce lee's life . however , you can't help but like , whenever the fight scenes are on , what he can does with his body and that familiar bruce attitude and character . i also like the little bits of insight scenes about bruce lee's life before he became famous : scenes like bruce practicing pronunciation of english . it seemed as if he was no better than anybody else . scenes like bruce delivering chinese food as a delivery boy ridding a bike through the american college looking at the ( all-white ) students , cheerleaders , and athletes . it seemed he too wished for the american dreams and hopes . in conclusion , the movie was well made , it produced a realization of who bruce lee was , and actor james lee was so much like bruce you have to remind yourself that he is just an actor . and the fighting scenes were all excellent . so go see it and enjoy the movie . p . s . if you have seen the movie unforgiven by clint eastwood , then the feeling left after dragon was very much like the feeling you got after the unforgiven .
[48]	pos	pos	yes	the acting , from big-time stars john cusack and kevin spacey , is as good as you'd expect , but it's the supporting stable that gives the movie its offbeat charm . cusack plays a free-lance reporter sent to savannah to write a fluff story for town & country magazine about one of eccentric millionaire spacey's parties . lots of food , beverages and gunplay . yes , an employee of spacey's has a huge argument in front of cusack and later turns up dead . it seems like a simple matter of self- defense -- the guy threatened spacey , shot at him , missed , then spacey took him out -- but being a movie , there's much more to it than that , and cusack decides to stay in town and write a book about the murder , a book which will eventually become a movie he will star in . the weird circle of entertainment . this is where the stable of supporting characters comes in . there's the requisite sexy woman ( alison " nepotist's daughter " eastwood ) , the strange piano player , the voodoo woman and the transvestite . miss chablis deserves a paragraph of his/her own , as the stealer of every scene she appears in -- what would this movie be without the castilian scene and her testimony ? chablis , playing herself , is five times funnier than reigning drag queen rupaul , but never seems exploited as the movie's comic relief or out of place in a basically serious movie . there are also a fair share of courtroom scenes , which these days almost never seem welcome in a movie , but even here clint manages to keep the movie fascinating . certainly the characterizations of the judge and spacey's lawyer both help immensely , as does having the fly-guy as the jury's foreman . it's here we realize the case boils down to an indictment of spacey's homosexuality . yes , spacey had a sexual relationship with the dead man -- before he shot him , of course . midnight in the garden of good and evil isn't a classic , but it is one of the better celebrity-directed , true-story best-seller adaptations out there . likewise , no one from this movie will be getting any oscar nominations , but the performances are all great . in fact , i'd almost recommend that the academy add a best supporting transvestite category . serving america for more than 1/25th of a century !
[49]	pos	pos	yes	human name of " joe black " , gets to experience life as a complete innocent . he never before has experienced the simple pleasures of a springy matters or peanut butter . and he's not quite compared for the more complex pleasures when he and susan fall in love . but , is their affair doomed to an early demise ? at nearly three hours in length , meet joe black is a little bit on the leisurely side , though it never gets boringly lengthy . instead , the film gets a chance to develop some nicely textured characters and situations . you get to soak in and enjoy the atmosphere , rather than being hurriedly rushed through it . the romantic angle works well , though , surprisingly , the interactions between joe black and william parrish are more interesting than those with his daughter . this is most likely due to anthony hopkins , who once again displays his superb acting skills . william is a desperate man who has had a seemingly ideal life , and doesn't want to let it go . by contrast , claire forlani is merely the romantic interest . she gets to show joe the ropes of love , but is hardly as interesting a character . as joe black , brad pitt seems a bit stilted . granted , he's supposed to be out-of-place , but the overly formal technique used by pitt begins to distract from the role . still , he is able to hold his own , and over the course of the three hours , his character begins to grow on you . the main character who seems out of place here is drew ( jake weber ) , an ambitious executive in williams' company who is joe black's main rival for susan's affections . weber plays the character with a hammy relish reminiscent of snidley whiplash . this cartoonish foil an aberration in a film filled many more dimensional characters . the supernatural elements of the film are handled murkily , but never distractingly so . we never learn what is the exact nature of death , or why he's never done something like this before . it actually gets a bit creepy when death talks to the dying in their own voices/accents . ( his initial conversations with hopkins sound shockingly like hannibal lecter . . . ) and the ultimate resolution to one of the film's supernatural problems seems , well , somewhat superficial . still , even with the film's length , it was a pleasant time at the movies , something you wouldn't necessarily expect from a film about death . . . but one which meet joe black delivers anyhow .
[50]	pos	pos	yes	? 66 is a very rarely known movie that stars vincent gallo and christina ricci . gallo plays a very troubled man , who was sent to jail for gambling . once out of jail , he must visit his parents , who he told he was married . the truth is he isn't married . to try to impress them , he kidnaps a girl ( christina ricci ) from a tap dancing class to act as his wife . the film is very cheaply made , and it shows it throughout a lot of the movie , but you don't need money to make a good film . buffalo ? 66 doesn't always stay with the realistic concept , and sometimes goes through outrageous events . gallo's parents , played by angelica huston and ben gazarra , are two very strange individuals . the mother plays a football fanatic and the father plays a quiet man with odd habits . gallo and ricci arrive at his parent's house , and some extremely funny scenes take place within the house . ricci's performance during the scene at gallo's parent's home are very well done . there is constantly humor involved in the interesting dinner table scenes . the way the movie was filmed in this particular part of the movie were interesting and creative . they seemed very mediocre , but they worked out just fine . gallo's character is developed very well . the impression that he is very depressed and confused is very clear . gallo gives a performance that makes you believe what the character is going through . his character goes through many , many problems , just like many people in real life . this character seemed very realistic to me . ricci's character is funny and different . she doesn't care much that she has been kidnaped , in fact , she falls in love the man who kidnaped her ! ricci is a very wonderful actress and she is starting to get the recognition that she deserves . buffalo ? 66 isn't all laughs though . many scenes are very dramatic and depressing . gallo's character was so realistic , he was extremely disturbing . some scenes are supposed to come off as funny , but they actually seemed sad and real to life . the film sometimes drags along , not giving much material . i really would have liked to see gallo's parents a lot more , and i would have liked to see the characters developed more . overall , buffalo ? 66 isn't as good as some people put it up to be . the bottom line- a few hysterical scenes save this film from sinking to the bottom .
[51]	pos	pos	yes	) sister lisa ( douglas ) at a party . while the hypnosis goes as expected to the party-goers , it triggers something in tom's head . things begin to change around him ( blinking red lights let off a strange hum , for example ) , and he fights to stay in control of his own senses . where these experiences take tom , maggie and their son jake ( cope ) , who tom thinks might have some answers , is down a dark path that will scare and disturb you . david koepp keeps the action localized ; the majority of the action takes place at tom's house or just down the street . by keeping things at home , koepp is able to proceed without having to resort to any clumsy segues ( montages of driving down roads as we move from one city to another etc . ) . unfortunately , the dread and spookiness of stir of echoes are frequently interrupted by moments of levity . humour can take the tension away from a scene faster than any shoddy special effect or poor acting . several tense moments become completely diffused by a few misplaced jokes . also , there are a couple of plot developments that are left unresolved , though to mention them would be to give too much away . kevin bacon handles the duel task of playing an everyman and a man losing his sanity admirably . his total lack of understanding of what is happening to him is believable , as are the reactions from his wife maggie . kathryn erbe is given a role meatier and better written than that of most " wife who can no longer handle her husband " parts . while it is still a supporting role , her maggie is moving as she watches both her husband and her son enter what she calls " a private club that i'm not invited to " , where they whisper about things all day long . as jake , zachary cope equals the performance of haley joel osment in the sixth sense , but gets less screen time . both children manage the same trick , making the audience creeped out by their apparent acceptance of the way things are . fans of blair and sixth sense will almost surely love stir of echoes . it combines the dread of blair , a creepy closed-in feel thanks to cinematographer fred murphy and great performances by the whole cast , specifically bacon , to give the fall its first genuine scary film . if only they had let up on the unneeded funny bits and tweaked the plot a bit more , this could have been one of the year's best .
[52]	pos	pos	yes	winner of seven academy awards in 1963 for best picture , director , editing , cinematography , art direction , music , and sound . after watching the film again , i am convinced that it is simply one of the finest works of cinematic genius to ever illuminate the big screen . based on the autobiographical writing of british officer t . e . lawrence during world war i , lawrence of arabia depicts lawrence ( played by then-unknown actor peter o'toole ) as a lieutenant lacking any sort of military discipline whatsoever . bored with his assignment of coloring maps for the british army in a dimly lit headquarters building , lawrence jumps at the opportunity to be re-assigned as an observer for an arabian prince fighting against the turkish army . lawrence quickly sees just how caring and great these desert dwelling people can be and ends up rallying the various tribes together to fight the turks and help the british turn the tide of world war i . shot in panavision's famed super 70mm format , the film beautifully illustrates the definition of the word epic . it is absolutely breathtaking . using stunning cinematography , costuming , and direction , shot in the most uninhabitable location on the face of the earth , i can only imagine what it must have been like to sit in a theater in 1962 and watch this story unfold before my eyes . every shot is choreographed as a portrait -- a living tribute to a great land . david lean put his reputation on the line to get this film completed , and the fact that it was even greenlit in the first place says something about the ideology of the motion picture industry at the time , a far cry from its pathetic , uncreative existence today . after watching the film , the first thing that came to my mind was , " i've got to do a remake of this film ! " but then i thought about trying to pitch the idea to a modern-day movie executive : " okay , it's going to be almost four hours long and shot over three months on location in the sahara desert . we are going to need to blow up a full-size train because computer-generated effects probably wont do it justice . and we are not going to use any big stars , and won't have any female actors since there's no love story . " yes , my friends , the velvet curtain fell on the golden-era of hollywood a long time ago . but at least we still have the proof to show all would-be producers and directors out there just how good a film can be .
[53]	pos	pos	yes	( warren clarke ) reprimands them , he's awed at what briggs has accomplished . and he's struck by an idea -- briggs , fergus and the other men will grow a garden on the prison's grounds . greenfingers , which is " inspired by actual events , " becomes a bit like a sports movie after that . despite their differences , the men come together and through hard work and love earn a spot at the big game -- in this case a prestigious garden show . one renegade , in this case , briggs , will prove to have talent . of course , love will also rear its head ( no , not " prison love " ) . to hershman's credit , he doesn't pump up the drama or try for cheap laughs , like last year's lame marijuana comedy saving grace . i had to keep pinching myself when i didn't see a single scene of a hardened con sneezing over a pot of pansies , or the men giving high-fives over a particularly stunning batch of wildflowers . the movie deals with people and scores on that concept . it's wonderful seeing briggs turn from a bitter prisoner to a man who cares again . give credit to owen for keeping his cool in a part that begs for overacting . his speech to the parole board about being reborn through gardening is the best scene of its kind since morgan freeman's last stand in the shawshank redemption . owen's bedside scenes with kelly , who lends the film a human touch , are a marvel to behold , emotionally gripping without being sappy . written by hershman , greenfingers contains plenty of laughs . most come courtesy of helen mirren , who shines as the world-class gardener who works with the inmates but fears for her daughter primrose ( natasha little ) when she starts dating briggs . the mother can't believe what he'll do if her daughter " burns the sunday roast . " nothing is forced in greenfingers . the funny lines come forth naturally in conversations and not from punch lines . primrose and briggs' relationship takes awkward steps . even when briggs decides to go back to edgefield , it's done for reasons of loyalty , not because the movie requires him to do so . after grimacing through the forced screwball antics of movies like america's sweethearts and the princess dairies , it's an almost indescribable pleasure to see a director taking his time to tell a story very well .
[54]	pos	pos	yes	found , but the body isn't found . the police question chris and tim about rand to try and find any information . feeling extreme guilt , chris is having a very hard time , especially with his girlfriend , emma , played by keri russell . she wants to know more , but he will not even speak with her . will he give in ? will tim turn chris in ? will chris turn tim in ? will they turn themselves in ? all of these questions were running through my mind while watching this slick suspense film . the events in the curve are very surprising , original , and fun . the plot sounds much like dead man on campus , but that is not the deal with this film . this film is a very serious one , with not many laughs . there are many twists and turns that make this film different from most films . the ending in particular is completely unpredictable and satisfying . it is a terrific , suspenseful ending that i could never predict would happen . hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride . the sound really stood out in the film . it is quite eerie and it really adds to the feel of the film . the way the movie is filmed is also great . all of the technical aspects , as well as the acting and directing aspects are very well done . the performances in the curve are very good . matthew lillard gets to play another creepy role , just like in 1996's scream . ( a+ ) he is very strange in this film as well . i like him in this sort of role , rather than the roles he has been playing in comedies such as senseless and she's all that . michael vartan is fantastic as chris , who has extremely mixed emotions about the entire murder and the 4 . 0 . michael vartan was also superb in never been kissed , where he co-starred with drew barrymore as a teacher who fell in love with his student . keri russell also gives a great performance . she should be a good actress in the horror department of the film . tamara craig thomas is also realistic , especially coping with the death of her boyfriend . some very strong supporting performances came from smaller roles , such as bo dietl and anthony griffith who play two detectives investigating the case . the bottom line- i might just have to curve that a- into an a . * note- the curve premiered at the sundance film festival in early 1998 . it was decided the film would not be released widely . it is now available at blockbuster video only , and for rent only . see you at the video store !
[55]	pos	neg	no	as just another doltish comedic-romance . yet , you must realize that the story is timeless , and a few hundred years later it is equally as witty and comical as when elizabeth gleefully looked on , groundlings below and stuffed brassieres on stage . the first reminder of the original scribe can be found in katarina and bianca's last name : stratford . their family is run by walter stratford ( pretty woman's larry miller ) , a doctor who is all too familiar with teenage pregnancy and guards his children accordingly . in what he thinks to be a moment of ironic humor , the family " no dating " policy is amended to " bianca can date . . . when [katarina] does . " with prom just ahead , bianca's fate is grim ; unless , of course , she can tame the shrew . don't think this mission to be a simple one , as bianca kindly points out , her sister " . . . is a particularly hideous breed of loser . " getting katarina to date is complex and oftentimes confusing . when cameron , who likes bianca , learns of her father's new rule , he is quick to consult a friend for advice . the scheme they dream up is to fully exploit " someone with money . " in this case , that is joey - the other guy with a crush on bianca . cameron's friend , a loser by teenage verdict , convinces joey to pay someone who has enough guts to take the shrew out . the solution lies no farther away than the second blatant reminder of the master scribe : patrick verona ( heath ledger ) . this verona is far from fair ; rumor has it that he previously laid his scene in prison . moreover , katarina openly opined to the aforementioned english teacher that " hemingway was an alcoholic who hung around picasso , hoping to nail his leftovers . " the laws of high school cinema inexorably turn patrick and katarina into romeo and juliet . providing a constant reminder of the fact that this isn't exactly what shakespeare had in mind are the elements obligatory to a high school comedy : a party polluted with liquor , a best friend's betrayal , and prom . it is the latter that has become infamous for closing films like drive me crazy , american pie , never been kissed , carrie , she's all that , and can't hardly wait . yet surely even these practices have roots in shakespeare ; falstaff was a drunk , romeo and juliet met at a party , and caesar learned about loyalty the hard way .
[56]	pos	neg	no	game , but her cautious therapist ( holland taylor ) warns her that co-dependency is rearing its ugly head again and she's in over her head with yet another doomed relationship . who ya gonna believe ? despite her winning an academy award , marisa tomei has always struck me as an annoying and unwelcome screen presence , one that undermines the pleasure of watching happy accidents . her brassy new yawk attitude never really meshes with her desperate desire to appear " cute " to her adoring fans . being loud and flashing a ( disingenuous ) smile does not necessarily equal " substantial and sexy . " it takes more than a crack team of hair and wardrobe people to imbue her with personality . then there's that damned voice , which strains to be oh-so-adorable . look , this stuff is purely subjective . some people feel this way about richard gere , others cannot bear to watch robin williams' hyperactive schtick . for my money , it's m . tomei with a bullet . happy accidents is a romantic comedy filtered through twelve monkeys ( or , more appropriately , chris marker's la jetee , especially with those still framed " memory " photographs anderson employs as a stylistic device throughout ) . modern manhattan is filmed with an otherworldly , vaguely alien eye with a color scheme oddly reminiscent of logan's run . as the stranger in a strange land , d'onofrio walks slightly out-of-step , wonderfully affable but often inscrutable with his wayward expressions and bemused detachment . this is science fiction told mainly via the power of suggestion ( though it often falls into the sci-fi trap of having entirely too much forced exposition -- we want deeds , not words ! ) at least twenty minutes too long , happy accidents eventually gets around to a race-against-time scenario that puts " sam deed " to the ultimate test . no movie can live in ambiguity forever , but anderson seems terminally unable to provide satisfactory conclusions to his otherwise well structured recent narratives . ( let's pretend the loathsome and predictable next stop wonderland never happened , shall we ? ) there are also some slow , repetitive stretches as ruby and sam go over the same arguments again and again over whether or not he's crazy . the premise is strong enough to sustain interest , but it's enough to throw a nod in the general direction of rod serling for wrapping up his ideas in half-hour time slots , commercials included .
[57]	pos	pos	yes	years after days of heaven and produces this meditative look at war . unlike this year's saving private ryan , which dwells on war as a necessary evil and explores the moral ambiguities thereof , the thin red line simply says war is waste . while that might seem obvious to some , only after experiencing the film do you realize how profound a waste it is . saving private ryan has an underlying and practical acceptance that war will occur and it has a great cost ; the thin red line says idealistically avoid this at all costs . one message is not necessarily more correct than the other . it just depends on one's point of view . in malick's film , war is set in a tropical paradise , and john toll's cinematography is beyond lush . the setting poses the question , why are we fighting in the face of such beauty ? in saving private ryan , the capture of a german soldier presents the moral quandary of whether to let him go . in the thin red line , the japanese present the moral quandary of war in the first place . they are just like the americans -- frightened and angry , grieving and praying . all that separates them is war . the flaw in the thin red line comes in the voice-overs . unbelievable as coming from the characters and sometimes pretentious , sometimes corny , the voice-overs tell us what the images before us already do and are completely unnecessary . dispensing with them , malick could have achieved a tarkovskian grandeur . instead , he gets distracting self-consciousness . aside from that , malick's direction is stunning . the tracking shots across windswept hills and around transports speeding toward shore are extraordinary . sean penn , elias koteas , and nick nolte give the best performances . penn is subtle as a sergeant trying to hide his humanism , koteas is genuine as a compassionate captain , and nolte startling as a colonel whose blood vessels are about to burst if he cannot win his battle . john travolta and george clooney are the worst in cameo roles . ultimately however , the thin red line's interest is not in the characters and it is not in drama . it has been frequently criticized for its lack of dramatic structure , but malick clearly has different things on his mind . has no one ever thought that getting dramatic entertainment from war is exploitative ? what malick is working with is theme , and in that , the thin red line is most provoking .
[58]	pos	pos	yes	evil going on the jerry springer show complaining about how evil his father is . the way austin powers : tswsm uses its humor is clever , throwing a hilarious scene at you , followed by five minutes of one liners , followed by another outrageous scene , so you never stop laughing . there was honestly not one moment in austin powers : tswsm where i wasn't laughing . the last film that i laughed so hard in , was well , austin powers ! it is apparent that mike myers knew how funny this film was while writing it . the film even makes fun of itself in a line , something along the lines of , " it's funny how england and southern california look nothing alike . " tswsm was filmed in southern california , but was supposed to take place in england . i can tell you one thing- he is having a lot of fun with this enormously popular character , which is all over television , newspapers , magazines , and the movie theaters . i believe that dr . evil got more attention in the tswsm than austin powers did . dr . evil provided more laughs , more memorable moments , and more interesting dialogue than austin did this time around , who seems to missing the funny touch that he had in the first film . i felt that austin really did have his mojo taken away , but from screenplay writer mike myers , not fat bastard . also making a great addition to the series is mini me , who is played by verne troyer . even though the midget actor is 30 years old , he is adorable by dr . evil's side constantly . the first austin powers film had barely any sentimental quality , such as lack of character development , barely any detailed plot characteristics , and barely any good acting , but austin powers tswsm actually shows some quality behind the frequent humor . mike myers , with his three roles , acts as eddie murphy did in the nutty professor , disguising himself completely in one of the roles . ( fat bastard ) all three characters are different , and mike myers does do a good job handling each one of them . heather graham made a great addition with her talent to tswsm , and does a much better job than elizabeth hurley did , who gave a very flat performance in the original , speaking her lines without any feeling or emotion . speaking of hurley , she can be seen in tswsm for a few brief moments . hopefully , graham tags along for future austin powers adventures . the bottom line- a groovy sequel that mike myers put all of his mojo into writing .
[59]	pos	neg	no	slows down . one of the major scenes in the film , where the boat arrives at the final army checkpoint before they start their search for kurtz , is a colossal mess . the dialogue is confusing , the lighting is atrocious , and the scene drags on for 10 terrible minutes of film . the true problems happen after the crew does come into the kurtz compound . the film slows down to a drag . sheen seems forever captured by a madman , played by brando is a lazy performance that is not deserving of the accolades it received . brando is in the film for no more than 15 minutes , but is bathed in shadows the entire time , making the last half hour of the film visually pathetic . the scenes are poorly done , the dialogue is muffled , and the whole mess is utterly confusing beyond all belief . sheen seems to adore this man , but why the viewers are never told . the entire journey is supposed to be a prelude for a stunning entrance of this god-like kurtz , but the scenes fall way short of expectations . granted , it has its moments , which are brutally horrific , but the general feeling is one of confusion . brando mumbles his lines in a incoherent stir , and my feeling was that this could never be a great man , this could never be a man who inspires hundreds to follow him , so why do they do it ? there are moments of brilliance , but the visual confusion dilutes the power of the scene . there are too many questions left unanswered with the character of kurtz to have a satisfying ending . the finest scene at the end is sheen's escape , and his entrace into the temple . his rise out of the water , with the smoke coming off of his slicked head , is a brilliant 30 seconds of film . yet , you cannot shake the feeling that there is so much more this film could have done . the psychotic ride is unforgettable at times , and indeed the film on the whole is very good . it is a stunningly flawed expression of film , for it addresses major issues , such as man's mental stamina during bouts of war . but one still cannot shake the feeling that this film could have so much more powerful , had the character of kurtz been more explored , and had sheen truly succumbed to the fate that the viewer thought he was destined for . there is too much good material in here not to be called a masterpiece , but it could have been so much more rewarding .
[60]	pos	pos	yes	tense . there's the dinner scene where seldon goes to nerve-shattering lengths to poison her wine . he succeeds , but . . . she knocks the glass over ! i bet you threw a pillow at the screen as well ! in the immortal words of homer j . simpson - " d'oh ! ! " other nerve-wracking scenes include the bit where annie has gone off to town and sheldon starts snooping around the house . we cut to annie in her car - she's on her way home . . . he realises this and tries to get back to his room . . . cut to the car again , she's getting near . . . will he make it ? ok , so these sequences aren't exactly original , nor perhaps unpredictable - but they work ! boy , do they work ! if a film has you on the edge of your couch , biting your nails and shouting at the screen in suspense , then it's doing something right ! of course , the most nauseating sequence is the aforementioned " hobbling " ! annie realises her captive has been out of his room , and she's going to stop him once and for all . cue a block of wood placed strategically between his ankles and a huge sledgehammer , and . . . i feel ill just thinking about it ! nasty . it all builds up nicely to the final scene where sheldon finally gets the upper hand , and once and for all tries to kill the crazy psycho ! and then we're given one of the most ridiculously over-the-top fight scenes i've ever seen . she gets hit over the head with a typewriter , set on fire , head smashed against the wall - and she just won't die ! sheldon isn't in terribly good shape either . if it weren't so gorey it would almost be laughable . but it's a terrifically effective film , and therefore the daft climax is easily overlooked . misery is a tight , tense , intense and chillingly entertaining thriller . the directing is first-rate , and the performances - bates in particular - contribute to making this a suitably nightmarish little gem . wonderful stuff . ? - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - for more regularly-updated film and tv reviews , check out my site ! http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/bungalow/4960 - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * -
[61]	pos	pos	yes	an indian runner was more than a courier . he * became * the message he was carrying . what danger is a bear , to a message ? i used to think sean penn was an immature , arrogant , photographer- punching , madonna-marrying , loudmouth . but all that has changed now . the guy has grown up . and that's not all . it seems that sean penn has talents both as a writer and a director , if this film is any indication . one might imagine a movie with plenty of ruthless rage and showy machismo , given penn in charge of bronson and and hopper . but , no . this film is about a real struggle , and the victories and defeats are not simple . penn lets the story unfold at a pace dictated by the lives of the characters , without unnecessary rush or flash . the focus of the story is two brothers . david morse is the brother who has grown up in the small midwestern town in which they were raised , tending a failing farm and finally becoming a police officer . viggo mortensen is the wild brother , whose wild behavior seems to be a reaction to some ancient pain that he can't name , much less resolve . the film picks the story up on the day when mortensen returns from vietnam , and morse coincidentally encounters an armed youth fleeing for the state line . it becomes clear that some kind of conflict threatens the link that the brothers once shared . the film is unobtrusive , simple , direct , plain , and sincere . it isn't exactly perfect , but its sincerity is well invested in the struggle of the two brothers to identify the sickness before it destroys them . life seems to move forward a little faster than they can get a handle on their problems . this is a good film without big budget sets , or big name stars pushed into your face . in fact , i'm reviewing it because i suspect that it may not get much marketing . there were perhaps 10 others at the showing i saw . i thought the structure was clean and not oversimplified , though there are a few free-form sections which also work very well . the obligatory 1960s music seemed a little cliche , but what are you going to do--this movie * does * take place in the 1960s after all . in my opinion , it is worth full-price admission .
[62]	pos	pos	yes	in the background screaming , " no ! not my leg ! don't cut off my leg ! " another scene shows her simplying trying to cross a street , but as the camera pulls back , we see that her path is blocked by hundreds of wounded soldiers , but it is their moaning that's more graphic than all the bloody gore could ever be . as the second half begins , the film concentrates more on scarlett as a completely independent woman who single-handedly takes care of her family and melanie just to spite the tyrany of the north . she manages to resurrect the family plantation , but all the willpower she has can't help her when she must pay exuberhant taxes set by the north after the south's ultimate defeat . this brings rhett butler back into the picture and thus begins their torrid love- hate relationship . most of the second half of the film is somehow related to the relationship ( or lack thereof ) between rhett and scarlett . each uses the other for personal gain , but at the same time they still feel an intimate connection with each other . scarlett continues to use her manipulative powers over men to get what she wants and because rhett can't help but want her more every time she tries to one-up him such as marrying another man and taking over his business . they say opposites attract , but the conflict between rhett and scarlett goes way beyond opposing personalities , it borders on magnetic polarization . they need each other and know this , yet they never seem truly happy together . perhaps they mistake love for passion , and the film leaves it up to us to make this call . both have things the other wants and vice versa , but when they compromise , is it just to get their own way or because they actually care for each other . love and the perception of love are two completely separate things and throughout the final act of the film , we're left wondering if rhett and scarlett ever truly loved each other and why . gable and leigh do have great chemistry , always leaving the viewer wondering which emotions were authentic and which were manufacture . all ? none ? either way is possible and it's a mystery that cannot be solved even upon repeated viewings . it's safe to say most of us won't live such overly dramatic lives as those in " gone with the wind , " but it's still a masterpiece for its ability to give us a sense that we've just experienced a life's worth of joy and pain .
[63]	pos	pos	yes	experience -- even from the reason we go to the movies in the first place -- that it takes some effort to adjust to the film's rhythms . once the adjustment is made , however , there are great rewards . one such is the chance to see life on the screen as it really is . though leigh may have adopted some of bergman's stylistic touches , most obviously in an early scene of terse cross-cutting during a married couple's strained conversation , as well as in that somewhat obtrusive score , the overall feeling of the film is that it eschews any " style " at all . whereas bergman uses artifice as a tool to expose reality , leigh makes the camera a mere observer , almost as in a pbs documentary . the effect of this is to focus all of your attention on the actors . it is a tribute to everyone involved that , despite such scrutiny , only infrequently are we aware that anyone * is * acting . much has been made of brenda blethyn's performance , and rightly so , but it is only when you remind yourself that you are watching a fiction that you realize how good she is . there are a few missteps . for one , except for one scene ( tragicomic , as it happens ) , there is scant humor in the film . this leads to a certain monotonous tone throughout . and occasionally ( as with bergman ) the bluntness of the situations can seem forced . for all that , this longish film manages to keep hold of your attention . it is unfortunate that the audience for secrets & lies will most likely be limited to an intellectual elite , for there is nothing inherently intellectual about this film . in fact , it might easily resonate more strongly for millions of working class filmgoers who will likely never see it . there is even a sweet but significant irony in the film's unspoken take on race relations , something an american audience at least would do well to observe . nonetheless , secrets & lies is not for the faint of heart . though there is nothing physically horrific to make one squeamish , the exploration of common human frailty can be so raw and unsparing that it is tempting to turn from the screen . needless to say , it is also very depressing at times . but for many of us , of course , so is life . and though the film is too honest to tack on a phony happy ending , that same honesty allows it to admit that things can also get better .
[64]	pos	pos	yes	woman living in porpoise spit , australia . she is often the target of her father's frequent rants at the family , and drowns out her feelings of inadequacy with abba music and fantasies of marriage . her self-loathing is such that only being wed shall she prove herself to be a success ; marriage will transform her into a new person who is respected and admired . after her four cliquey friends dump her , muriel plots to follow them to a resort where they are celebrating the honeymoon of one of the girls , and muriel's wedding unfolds from there . toni collette plays muriel in a winning performance , conveying both the sadness of her character and her desperate eagerness to be accepted . collette gained a frightening 43 pounds in order to play the chubby title character . she has a natural screen presence and exudes charisma , easily winning the audience over with an honest , painful performance . collette basically carries the film , appearing in almost every scene . muriel's father , bill " the battler " heslop , is portrayed by bill hunter as a slick politician/developer . while chumming around with young fans and crowing 'you can't beat progress' ( his slogan ) , bill labels his family as worthless and embarrassments . rachel griffiths plays rhonda , who becomes muriel's cheeky new friend in the film . she has good chemistry with collette , and the film suffers when griffiths is off-screen . muriel's tormenters , played by pippa grandison , rosalind hammond , belinda jarrett and sophie lee , are two-dimensional caricatures , all saucy , vain and bumblingly spiteful , though that is probably due to hogan's scripting muriel's wedding is essentially a genre teen comedy with more intelligence and a lot of charm . hogan's use of abba tunes ( which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack ) is interestingly appropriate , although its repetitiveness tires after awhile . hogan's script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel's earnest quest for acceptance , and the gorgeous scene with muriel window-shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage has for her . the glaring pastel colours worn by the performers is an interesting touch . muriel's wedding features a fine performance by toni collette and a charming , if a bit too straightforward and conventional story by p . j . hogan . on my four star scale , i give muriel's wedding three stars .
[65]	pos	pos	yes	is in deep trouble thanks to his corruption and ineptitude . he is worse than one of the idle rich ; he is one of the actively odious gentry so eager to distance themselves from the lower class they think nothing of simply eliminating them , and since the house and money are all from mrs . worrall , he is a bit too close to them for comfort . while hypocrisy is an easy target for ridicule , director and co-writer michael austin keeps the treatment too light-hearted to be heavy-handed . he also takes a unique stab at the trendiness of the upper classes , as the princess becomes a " sensation " at court . in one of the film's best sequences , princess caraboo is the guest of honor at a party hosted by the prince regent ( a wonderfully foppish turn by comic john sessions ) , and the lords and ladies end up following her around in a thoroughly silly native dance . it is then that princess caraboo shows how easily people are swept up in " sensations , " an idea that takes on a timeless quality ( and makes the film an interesting companion piece to the current quiz show ) . social commentary aside , princess caraboo is simply an eminently enjoyable entertainment . the performers are mostly delightful , particularly phoebe cates , who is radiant in a part that requires a gift for pantomime . her supporting players are also appealing : wendy hughes as the patient and kindly mrs . worrall ; kevin kline as frixos , the worralls' suspicious and superior greek butler ; stephen rea as the world-weary but ultimately romantic gutch . only john lithgow is a disappointment , turning in a limp performance as a scholar who attempts to verify the princess's identity . the story twists and turns just enough so that the question of whether or not the princess is really a princess is always in some doubt , without becoming gimmicky . it is unfortunate that the growing attraction between gutch and princess caraboo isn't given more time to develop , because the potential seemed to be there . when it finally does blossom , it seems too quick to be plausible . princess caraboo is patient enough in establishing its sense of time and place that it might seem a bit slow to viewers seeking a fantasy romp . still , it has both escapist and intellectual appeal , and is well worth seeking out . it is the kind of film that makes my job its most rewarding--a hidden gem .
[66]	pos	pos	yes	from justice , sheltering him from the mob . through her relationship with the duke , she seeks a passport for this one activist's escape . grace doesn't even understand her own actions ( and the duke reacts in stunned disbelief at how she places herself in such danger ) . she endures persecution from robespierre and his gang of thuggish equalizers , ceaseless police monitoring , house searches , even a brief imprisonment for harmless international correspondence . maintaining her stiff upper lip and pampered life ( her imperious attitude to the servants never changes ) , she becomes a heroine through circumstance . the events themselves are intrusions upon her person , her home , and therefore her values . aristocracy proves a glass house , one that can barely withstand the upheaval of stones . the duke is called to vote on the king's punishment , and despite his hours of deliberation with friends and advisors , talk means nothing in the face of bloody action ( or futile inaction ) . the episodic structure creates a wobbly , jarring detachment from the events of the french revolution , which serves as metaphor but also disconnects potential audience identification . lazy viewers ( and critics ) may also complain that knowledge of french history is required for enjoyment of the lady and the duke . that's foolery , but brings up the valid criticism that rohmer's characters occasionally become didactic . rohmer's imperfect but assured push toward the future remains staunch and notable for casting a cautious eye upon the past while taking bold steps forward into an uncertain future . what may arouse interest in the lady and the duke outside of foreign film enthusiasts with literary and historical passions is rohmer's use of cutting edge digital technology as a means of exploring the theme of artifice as safety net or coping mechanism . the actors were filmed against a bluescreen , then placed against painted backdrops recreating the vastness of 18th century paris . this recreation calls attention to itself in every shot , a technicolor dream of fanciful buildings and wide-open streets . it looks as phony as titanic , but unlike james cameron's debacle , the lady and the duke plays with the notion of false security in those walls of stone . why ? they aren't real . the very foundation rohmer's characters stand upon is false , and in their groundlessness they must discover themselves , in all their insubstantial glory . screened at the 2001 new york film festival ( feature coming soon ) .
[67]	pos	pos	yes	i've seen in a long while . unfortunately , wong seems more interested in experimenting with his camera than creating tangible characters for the audience to root for . ordinarily , that alone would be enough to sink a movie , but in the case of " fallen angels " , this is not so . every shot in this film is exciting just to * look * at . wong does really interesting things with the camera , but he doesn't allow the pyrotechnics to completely take over , as was the case with last years dismal " knock off " ( which contained a shot of a foot entering a shoe . ugh . ) the movie follows three pairs of lost souls as they struggle to find some meaning in their lives . i can't say much more than that as i didn't really know what was going on most of the time . in fact , it wasn't until about halfway through the movie that i was able to distinguish between each character . the constantly moving camera doesn't really allow for the audience to associate with any one character . we're always kept at a distance from these people , i suppose in order to further add to the feeling of alienation felt by the characters . " fallen angels " is a refreshing change-of-pace from most hollywood films , which never bother to try anything different , at least on a visual level . in fact , i'd go so far as to say that " fallen angels " is more challenging visually than any mainstream hollywood film i've ever seen . sure , there's directors like robert rodriguez who enjoy turning violence into operatic orgies of death , but to see a filmmaker like wong who actually assaults the senses with images is truly something worth celebrating . but if wong wishes to become a legendary filmmaker , he needs to work on incorporating an actual story into those awesome images . there were far too many instances during " fallen angels " in which i asked myself , " now who are these people again ? is this that first couple or the second couple ? " it was impossible to keep track . perhaps he could let the audience know right away which character is which , by introducing them to us with " name cards " , as in scorsese's " mean streets " . that's really besides the point , though . wong kar-wei has proven himself , through very few films , that's he's a movie-maker to watch . let's just hope that he hones his storytelling skills with his next few movies .
[68]	pos	pos	yes	details are what make the story excellent , and steel has done a great job with them ) . the ending , too , could have been more powerful and less predictable . these elements are minor , though , and barely detracted from my overall enjoyment of city of angels . the acting is superb from everyone involved . this is perhaps my second-favorite performance from cage ( my favorite being the rock ) . he's quiet and pensive , and his eyes are engaging when he speaks his softly-toned words . he's perfect for a role like this , and at the same time he reassures us he's not bound by playing the psycho ( though he is good at it , as he shows in face/off ) . meg ryan is a powerful , enticing , and appealingly-chirpy actress , and her work here is some of her best . dennis franz , however , steals all of his scenes as the energetic former-angel . what i admire most about city of angels is its overall presentation . director brad silberling is a talented man , and he knows that a story like this is driven by the characters , rather than forced sentimentality . his direction is steady , and he shows this in just about every scene : near the beginning , maggie has to tell a mother and her two children that their father is dead . there is no music or elaborate camera work ; we simply see the reactions of the characters to the information . this is the way stories should be told , and the strength of scenes resonates more completely when the emotions are real . the film also appeals to the senses in a way that few love stories do . cinematographer john seale ( the english patient ) provides some of the most stunning images i've seen on the big screen : hundreds of black-clad angels stand on a dim beach in the early morning hours ( just as an example ) . the music , by gabriel yared ( also of the english patient ) , is perfect for this film : it's quiet and moody music ( but not sentimental ! ) , and adds to the atmosphere and tone nicely . the visual presentation of city of angels is easily the best of 1998 so far . all of this adds up to a film that is instantly set apart from other members of this genre . it's a film that relies on character development and imagery to get the story across--the excellent actors and the professional production values make city of angels one of those rare films that both entertains and instigates thought simultaneously .
[69]	pos	pos	yes	albeit one that is more thoughtful than most , and replaces a knife-wielding maniac for the never-seen granddaddy killer of them all , the grim reaper itself . the setpieces in any horror movie are the death scenes , and " final destination " surely boosts some of the most inventive ones to grace the silver screen in years . graphic and brilliantly orchestrated in a rube goldbergesque manner , they manage to occasionally be so intense you don't know whether to shrink down in your seat , tap your feet in nervousness , or turn away . devon sawa , a rising star who put his physical comedy skills to good use in 1999's underseen slasher-comedy , " idle hands , " is even more of a charismatic presence here . the conflicting emotions he feels for his survival , which he comes to believe he wasn't meant to do , as well as the loss of the other passengers , is superbly and subtly acted on his part . one scene , in which he is watching a news report on the crash and slowly begins to break down is especially realistic and powerful . ali larter ( 1999's " varsity blues " ) , in the other central role , is also effective , as a girl whose life was going well until her father died in a convenience store shooting years before , leaving her stuck with an increasingly uncaring mother who married a loutish man--the exact opposite of her now-deceased father . the other roles are not as fully written , and most remain rather one-dimensional . the movie is mainly sawa's , however , and the rest of the actors equip themselves well in limited roles . tony todd ( 1992's " candyman " ) , as an arcane morgue attendant , pops up for a five-minute cameo , but his appearance is rather supererogatory . and the aforementioned dialogue occasionally hits the bullseye , while at other times it hovers over being just a little too stilted and campy . ultimately , what is so good about " final destination " is that , within the confines of the slasher genre , writer-director wong and screenwriters glen morgan and jeffrey reddick have created a premise that has never been seen before in this manner , and a film that has the ability to both surprise and frighten--two things that are rarely found in today's horror films . if anything , it's safe to say you will never ever look at flying in airplanes the same way again .
[70]	pos	pos	yes	actors were fine , but somehow , the piece seemed out of place within the realm of everything else . the ending of this film was also a little too saccharine for me , but i guess that's just hollywood . this film is actually a lot like your friends and neigbors ( 5 . 5/10 ) and happiness ( 4 . 5/10 ) in concept and style , but its complete anthesis in regards to character relatibility and likeness . the characters in those films were too unique and inhuman for anyone to care , as opposed to this film , which offers rich and believable characters , living real lives and talking about real issues in today's relationships . all in all , this movie offers many interesting characters , talking and living genuine and engaging love lives , wonderful performances by its solid cast , too sweet of an ending , but an enjoyable and rewatchable movie nonetheless . little known facts about this film and its stars : according to a story in the london sunday mirror , sean connery asked for only $60 , 000 for his role in this movie , as compared to his usual fee of $14 million , because he liked the script so much . on top of that , he convinced his co-stars ( including gena rowlands , gillian anderson , ellen burstyn , et al . ) to do the same . this is director/writer willard carroll second real foray into the world of " adult films " . before this , he had written and produced many children's movies . gillian anderson stands 5'2 . angelina jolie's full name is angelina jolie voight . she is actor jon voight's daughter . she has trained and performed at the lee strasberg theatre institute . she divorced actor jonny lee miller of trainspotting ( 8 . 5/10 ) fame in 1997 . they were married in 1995 . actor ryan phillippe's full name is matthew ryan phillippe . he stands 5'9 , and spent his childhood in new castle , delaware . his acting career started on tv's " one life to live " . he portrayed daytime television's first gay teenager . jon stewart's full name is jonathan stewart leibowitz . this film was originally entitled if they only knew and dancing about architecture . watch for movie posters from swingers ( 8 . 5/10 ) , chasing amy ( 7/10 ) and the texas chainsaw massacre ( 8/10 ) at the movie theatre where the characters of joan and keenan go on their first date .
[71]	pos	pos	yes	reluctantly , he sets up nyah to be rescued from prison by ambrose so she can infiltrate his compound and send back intelligence to the team . ethan must race against time to keep ambrose from obtaining and spreading the virus and prevent any harm from coming to nyah . although the first mission : impossible film was a moderate box office success , audiences panned it because they felt the plot was too confusing and there wasn't much action ( although being a fan of the series both old and new , i thought the movie was pretty decent and especially gutsy to make phelps a bad guy ) . that problem has been rectified in the sequel by making the plot more accessible ( courtesy of one of the writers of the previous entry , robert towne ) and by turning the film into one gigantic action set piece under the steady hand of action film guru john woo . the end result is one of the most entertaining ( yet simple ) action films made in a long while . unfortunately , the first forty minutes or so are relatively slow , dwelling mainly on ethan and nyah's quickly blossoming romance and seeming more in place in a james bond film than with the less glamorous mission : impossible tv series . ethan's conflict is a compelling one , but it seems very rushed ( and comes about because of a near fatal car wreck that ethan himself causes ! ) . john woo handles all of this with an artistic flair that seems out of place , featuring a great deal of slow fades and dramatically framed close-ups . the surreal nature of these sequences are distracting and ultimately a detriment to the film . thankfully though , at the point ambrose discovers nyah's deception , mission : impossible ii becomes very entertaining and action-packed . robert towne's screenplay takes some of the conventions set up in the first film and parodies them during a sequence where ethan must break into a high-rise building and retrieve the remaining specimens of the virus . after that , the action scenes just begin to build in intensity , as is the case with many of woo's previous high-octane films . the final half hour is an all out assault of action ( a good deal of which is ruined by the trailer , unfortunately ) . as far as summer entertainment goes , mission : impossible ii is serviceable fare . anyone looking for hardcore action won't be disappointed ( except for during the first half of the film , perhaps ) . even if you weren't a fan of the first film , this entry deserves some checking out . [pg-13]
[72]	pos	pos	yes	. it seems to me that there should be some sympathy for the husband who's being left behind for this brief , heart-sweeping affair , but there rarely is . in " the horse whisperer , " the thankless role of being the fuddy-duddy husband falls to sam neill . he plays the character as a decent , hard-working man who is a good husband and father ; his only failure is that he loves his wife more than she loves him . he is at risk of losing annie to booker not because he did anything to drive her away , but simply because he happens to be a normal , fairly uninspiring man . there is one scene that is particularly telling of how the movie feels about each character . it shows booker and robert going into a horse pen - booker is dressed like a classic cowboy with hat and all , while robert looks somewhat frumpy and out-of-place in a baseball cap . as they enter the pen , booker assuredly swings over the fence , while robert hesitates , then opens the gate and , in a goofy moment , forgets to close it behind him . it's a small scene , but it clearly demonstrates the movie's thorough love of the booker character for his romantic roughness . after all , booker represents everything good about the city while robert represents everything banal and unnatural about it . the best scenes in " the horse whisperer " tend to involve not the building romance between booker and annie , but rather the healing process of grace and her horse . although booker's horse-training methods are mythical and unrealistic , the scenes with him and pilgrim are strangely mesmerizing . these are paralleled by the scenes between him and grace , some of which are humorous , and all of which are tender and true . at some point , i wished the movie would drop the whole romance angle and focus on grace more . nevertheless , redford is obviously a romantic at heart , and he brings a light touch to the erotic moments in the film . there are no dramatic sex scenes , but there is a moving scene when he and scott thomas are slow-dancing , always moving ever closer together , that is far more erotic than any scene of sweaty bodies grinding together . although the movie is longer than it should be and is essentially a melodramatic tearjerker with an unsatisfying conclusion that guarantees unhappiness for just about every character , there are enough moments like that which make " the horse whisperer " worth the price of admission .
[73]	pos	pos	yes	her character's unpredictable behavior . anna doesn't get a lot of our compassion . this romantic comedy leans a little more toward the comedy than the romance , much of it supplied by grant himself , but with considerable help from the supporting cast . most notable is rhys ifans as spike , william's eccentric roommate , who is in the film for no other purpose than to make us laugh . hugh bonneville , emma chambers , james dreyfus , and gina mckee bring up the guard as william's friends and family , particularly shining in a scene where william brings anna to his sister's birthday dinner , and we get to see how these common folks react to the presence of a movie star in their midst . it's a scene most of us will probably think would play out in our own living rooms were we faced with a similar situation . roger michell's use of visuals doesn't sweep us off our feet , but does give us more than your typical movie of this type . for example , there are a couple of instances in this film where large amounts of time pass . whereas some films are content to simply put in a caption saying " eight months later , " michell presents us with more interesting cues , such as william's walk though his neighborhood while the seasons change around him . another memorable shot occurs in a park where the camera is lifted from ground level to a couple of hundred feet in the air . we're generally used to scenes where our point of view is lifted from the earth to treetop level or so , but in this case , the camera just keeps going up and up until we have a bird's eye view of the ground below . music is used rather glaringly as an enhancement to many of the film's scenes , and some of this might have been better toned down , but in other areas it works to full effect . it's kind of a mixed bag , but still fares better than many of today's lighthearted movies which are so influenced by the mtv fare that the film becomes one long music video . at least this film has some pretty good music that for the most part remains relevant and appropriate . notting hill's grant and roberts will not go down in history as one of the all-time greatest film pairings , but the chemistry is decent and the comedic aspects of the movie more than make up for it . for a couple of hours , you should expect to laugh more than cry , and that's not so bad , now is it ?
[74]	pos	pos	yes	alex proyas ( he also directed the crow ) mentions this in the dark city press kit : in films , science fiction is always " used to have big spaceships blow up cities . i think we're a little tired of that . " according to director proyas , probably the most interesting thing about dark city is its layers . it's designed so that you can watch the film over again , and examine it from the perspective of a main character other than murdoch . it's a philosophical piece . cinematic science fiction is basically a thinly disguised shootout between the good humans and the bad aliens ( whether they be klingons , giant bugs , or proponents of the dark side of the force ) . but science fiction in books reaches beyond the 'shoot-em-up' level and targets the big questions , questions like who are we ? what is the human condition ? what is ethical ? what would a true human being do ? far from comic book style on the order of spawn , batman , or the mutant ninja turtles , dark city not only features the showdown between good humans and powerful aliens , but it also asks questions worthy of films such as brazil or blade runner . dark city is what philosophers would call an existentialist screenplay . a little more than 200 years ago , the world was filled with unhappy peasants - - unhappy because nearly every aspect of their lives was controlled by totalitarian , military , conformist , medieval regimes . the people took refuge in religion , the idea being that earthly life was a time of suffering , but after death , heaven would be available . meanwhile , the state used these same ideas to prop up their regimes ; the king was often head of the religion and therefore sanctioned by heaven . when science finally overturned religion , the medieval dictatorships came tumbling down and were replaced by democratic governments . but the new fear was that the power of science and experimentation would be used to create a world order as darkly totalitarian as the old . this is the time period when writers and philosophers such as freud , kant , kafka , nietzsche , and dostoevsky pondered what society should be , and what place the individual had in it . the existentialists' in particular wrote about the power of the lone individual against what may be a hostile , indifferent , or alienated universe . in dark city , when the last dying , defeated alien asks john murdoch why the aliens' scientific experiments on the human beings' brains failed , murdoch replies , pointing to his head , " because the human condition isn't located in here . "
[75]	pos	pos	yes	just twisted enough to be a perfect fairy tale . it is also characteristic of the best children's tales that they manage to teach lessons in such a way that children almost don't realize that they are learning them . there is a hilarious moment when matilda's television-addicted father snatches away the book she is reading ( in a wicked joke , he thinks _moby dick_ is pornographic ) and forces her to watch an inane game show ( hosted by jon lovitz ) in which contestants are smeared with adhesive and placed in a booth filled with cash blowing around . matilda is a story which promotes the value of intellectual curiosity over passive entertainment , and it does so while poking holes in that most frustrating of notions for a child -- that because " i'm big and you're little , i'm right and you're wrong . " more specifically , it has as its heroine an intelligent , self-confident girl who struggles successfully against other people's notions of how she should behave . it is no coincidence that matilda was co-written by robin swicord , who contributed the superb recent adaptation of little women . finally , matilda has that quality i find rarest and most treasured in family entertainment : it is family entertainment in the truest sense of the word . devito knows enough to make matilda fast-paced and appealing to children , taking a deliciously nasty performance by pam ferris as miss trunchbull and making it the focal point of some priceless physical comedy , including a great chase through her dark house . the child actors are winning but never obnoxiously adorable , with mara wilson making matilda a clever and extremely likeable character . but there are also many , many delights for adults , including my favorite scene in which matilda uses her powers to frighten miss trunchbull by having chalk write on a chalkboard by itself while matilda's classmates recite in sing-song fashion ; there is also a deadpan cameo by paul reubens as an fbi agent staking out matilda's father . i can't imagine anyone of any age leaving matilda feeling as though his or her intelligence had been insulted . matilda is a film which left me glowing with good feeling . i will see it again , and years from now i will watch it with my children . and now i will stop , because somewhere near you matilda is about to begin , and there is a seat in that theater you should be in , if you have a child or ever were a child .
[76]	pos	neg	no	usually when one is debating who the modern queen of the romantic comedy is they will bring up names like julia roberts or sandra bullock . others will mention meg ryan . but for me , it's not even close . janeane garofalo is not only the queen of the romantic comedy , she is the best comic actress in hollywood right now . and it's a good thing she's starring in the matchmaker , because without her presence the movie would be bland , unfunny , and dull . garofalo stars as marcy tizard , a top aide to boston senator john mcglory , who is suffering in the polls . in an attempt to capture the irish vote , he sends marcy on a mission to a small irish town called ballinagra in search of other mcglory's that never moved to america . unfortunately for marcy , her visit coincides with the town's annual matchmaking festival . things get off to a rocky start for marcy though . she has no hotel reservations ( for no rational reason ) and the tiny confined room ( tired old cliche' ) she has to stay in has a visitor in her bathtub . his name is sean , and marcy finds him repugnant at first , so you can obviously tell where this is headed . the movie runs into a few roadblocks . for instance , the story is very thin . none of the characters ( except the old local matchmaker ) are nearly as interesting as garofalo . some of the characters , like the political aide played by denis leary , have wandered in from a completely different movie . i think the director realized this and decided to throw in numerous shots of the beautiful irish scenery , and several close-ups of garofalo's winning smile . the strange thing is that it works . garofalo's charm and the irish scenery could carry the thinnest of stories , and it carries this one .
[77]	pos	pos	yes	susan granger's review of " bread and tulips " ( first look pictures ) in this delightfully frothy italian romantic comedy , after accidentally being left behind by a tour bus while on a family vacation with her cranky husband and two cynical teenagers , rosalba ( licia maglietta ) , an unhappy housewife from pescara , finds herself - and love - in venice . for the first time in years , rosalba's on her own when she's abandoned at a highway rest area . although her philandering husband ( antonio catania ) , a plumbing-supply dealer , orders her to stay there until she's picked up , she impulsively accepts a ride to venice , a bohemian paradise which she's never visited . rosalba finds refuge and romance with fernando ( bruno ganz ) , a gruff icelandic waiter who offers her a spare room in his modest apartment and prepares breakfast for her each morning . to support herself , she gets a job working with a florist ( antonio catania ) . film-maker silvio soldini gently explores the blossoming of this bored , middle-aged , middle-class woman with warmth and affection , savoring special moments such as when rosalba starts playing the accordion again and abandons her maroon stretch pants , silver jacket and orange sneakers for a simple , new red-and-white dress with platform-soled espadrilles . the superb actors slip into their roles seamlessly , particularly luminous licia maglietta and low-key bruno ganz , along with marina massironi as her nosy massage-therapist neighbor and giuseppe massironi as the inept plumber-turned-private eye who's sent to retrieve her on orders from her frantic husband - who's discovered that his mistress has no interest in doing his laundry or cleaning the house . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " bread and tulips " is a beguiling , escapist 8 . as the summer ends , it's a magical getaway for mature audiences . .
[78]	pos	pos	yes	out . almost immediately , julie recieves an ominous letter that simply reads , " i know what you did last summer , " and that is the start of their problems as they find themselves being terrorized by a mysterious figure dressed in fisherman gear and yielding a giant hook . " i know what you did last summer , " is a successful horror film for a number of reasons . the cinematography by denis crossan could very well be described as hitchcockian , as it put shadows , fog , steam , and other clever devices to add atmosphere to the proceedings . the characters , particularly julie and helen , are realistically written , and the film amazingly deals with their broken relationship in a few scenes , which is largely uncharacteristic in films of this sort . and last , the film creates a few dazzling and scary set-pieces that are some of the most memorable i've seen in a horror movie , particularly the suspenseful , superbly shot sequence involving helen at her family's store with the killer inside with her . perhaps the best character is that of missy egan ( anne heche ) , a lonely backwoods woman whose brother was the one julie thinks they hit . heche's performance is a standout , as she is able to create a full character in only about ten minutes of screen time . " i know what you did last summer , " could have been a great horror movie if not for a few problems . prinze jr . gives a performance to be desired here , and much of his dialogue sounds wooden coming out of his mouth . also , the climax of the film almost completely loses its frightening grip after it unveils the mystery killer , who is a decidedly bad actor and should not have been given any lines . luckily , the penultimate scene saves the disappointing finale , which includes an expertly crafted " jump-in-your-seat " scare . in the main roles , hewitt and gellar are highly talented , and hewitt , especially , is one of the best screamers i've ever heard . she honestly could give jamie lee curtis a little competition for the best " scream queen . " and gellar is touching as a young woman who , in the course of one year , finds her dream of being an actress ultimately shattered . although not up to the level of either " scream " movies , or the more recent , " urban legend , " " i know what you did last summer " is a respectable , smartly-scripted slasher film that firmly proved good horror movies were once again being made .
[79]	pos	pos	yes	enjoyed immense popularity and very quickly received some kind of a cult status . however , despite being one of the best movies of that year , and being directed by talented action director walter hill at the peak of his career , the movie failed to leave as strong impression to the future generations as some other cinematic achievements of that same year . the reason for that probably lies in a fact that this movie aged very quickly . if walter hill's idea was to warn the public about problems of urban america , he failed miserably . the future was much worse than his vision . the youth gangs , as presented in the warriors , are far from shadowy armies , able to take over entire cities . their members seem more interested in unorthodox fashion and their little petty feuds than such prosaic , and for the public more annoying , matters like crime . in their vocabulary , word " arms " is reserved for small knives and blunt objects , and only few of them use heavy artillery like handguns . they even have their own , very strict and detailed laws , upheld more strictly than some governments do with their own . many people in american cities would be more than happy to see their young criminals behaving like those in the warriors . some of the critics who accused hill of actually praising youth crime had a lot arguments in their favour . despite those objections , the warriors have all the elements of a very good film . the plot is simple , and serves as good basis for numerous action scenes . the fights are brilliantly choreographed and quite realistic , although there isn't much bloodshed or gore in the movie . editing is superb , events happen at quick pace , with the exception of middle , when boring moralistic exchanges between swann and his would-be-girlfriend mercy ( deborah van valkenburgh ) drag the plot from straight action to social drama territory . the soundtrack by barry de vorzon is very suggestive and recognisable . yet , the trademark of this film are the actors who showed great talent , although most of them later sunk into anonymity . best known of them is david patrick kelly , whose superb and original performance in this film later subscribed him to the roles of psychopathic villains . michael beck as cool , almost statesman-like leader of a gang , is also very good , and james remar gives good contrast as his hot-shot contender for top spot . all in all , this movie is perhaps dated , yet in its hour and half can give a lot more entertainment than most of the contemporary movies .
[80]	pos	pos	yes	to be dead after a diving accident . the family dynamics begin an unpredictable descent that gives the narrative strength when you least expect it , but can also be trying on the attention span . though the film drags and even repeats itself , this can be somewhat excused as influenced by the process of grieving . though nanni moretti wore several hats for this production , it doesn't come across as a vanity piece . one might wish he hadn't picked the profession of analyst for the father , giovanni ( which he stars as ) , if only because this makes his character's reactions so predictable . what saves it is a well written script , with spare dialogue and an eclectic variety of human interaction . the potency of the film lies in the recreation of the tiny details of everyday life that alter due to the death of a close relative , or that remind a depressed person of loss . you start to take notice of the cracked dishes , ignored when familial bliss was in full swing . you remember bonding during the routine jogs around the block , and not necessarily huge events like graduation . even better are the role reversals that take place within the household . while giovanni and paola ( laura morante ) do check up on their daughter irene ( jasmine trinca ) , there is a sense of being on autopilot . not only does irene begin to take care of her own needs more , she'll make her parents breakfast in an attempt to crack their new shells to life around them . these scenes provide interesting portrayals of various coping mechanisms , frequently crossing a boundary as to how much you can help yourself versus others during drastic , unexpected change . respectfully , gender issues never enter the picture . self-propelled isolation is universal in terms of dealing , so moretti intelligently uses this tool to separate the family . though giovanni does stop paolo from discussing andrea at a party with friends , there is never a sense that he or she is more stoic , or more correct in the search to restore a sense of a balance to their lives . most films that broach the topic of death utilize annoying melodrama , speeches , and conciliatory issues to get the waterworks flowing . in contrast , the son's room captures a more realistic depiction of the effects of death on a family by graciously flowing among the five stages of mourning ( denial , depression , anger , bargaining , acceptance ) through each of its main characters . it's not the most engaging 100 minutes , but it is certainly easy to relate to .
[81]	pos	neg	no	the word 'rest' in the title should be stressed since this is a movie that lacks any action scenes at all . what does takes place is more based on character development . the film starts right in the middle of the lives of four people : nick , beth , carol and sid . what they have done earlier is for the most part only hinted at . nick and beth have a relationship and have decided to move from enfield , arizona to butte , montana . ( and i who thought that butte was pronounced slightly different . . . ) carol is nick's ex-girlfriend and beth's best friend , sid is a joint-smoking painter that comes to repaint their house before the new tenants move in . obviously based on a stage play , the problem with the movie is that there's a lot of things left out . it's not obvious that nick and beth are in love with each other , the reason why nick was fired from his job isn't mentioned . and why nick suddenly decide to go visit his parents remain a mystery , when he hasn't seen them for many years . set in a small ( fictional ? ) town in arizona was a good move , since this makes the film focus on the four characters and not on their surroundings . the name of the city is not important , this could take place anywhere with four young people in a house discussing life and the future . particularly impressive is bridget fonda as beth who end up in bed with sid when her fiance nick leaves her . not an actress that i have found interesting earlier or seen many pictures with , but i'll keep an eye on her in the future . interesting trivia : this was rated r in the us but rated 'barntill ? ten' in sweden wich means that anyone at any age can see it .
[82]	pos	neg	no	past , ted's world fell apart . he spent his time moving from city to city without ever having a stable job , and eventually , as we begin this film , is getting dumped by his lover , flight attendant elaine dickinson ( julie hagerty ) . in a desperate attempt not to lose her , ted buys a ticket for the same flight elaine is working . unfortunately , she is unsympathetic and even criticizes ted for following her , which leaves him wallowing in self-pity . in the midst of it all , something happens . someone gets sick . then another . then another . soon , the whole plane is full of deathly-ill chicago-bound people . . . and when the pilots get sick ( played by peter graves , kareem abdul-jabbar , and frank ashmore ) , who will save the day ? ( gee , i wonder ) of course the main draw here is the non-stop " whiz-bang " comedy , with a hefty dose of both visual and spoken gags . although i had seen this movie a few times before , i was still laughing thru the entire thing . the most fun character by far is the doctor , played by leslie nielsen . he's a dry , subtle , sterotypically straight-faced doctor that ends up saying some of the funniest lines of the film . in a film like this , you're not really expecting an elaborate production , so one can't complain about the amateurish quality . what you can complain about is the absolutely annoying johnny , played by stephen stucker . this character is pointless , nauseating , and very unfunny . i don't know why he was put in there , and i don't think anybody will find a good excuse . and when the film nears an end , it slows down quite a bit , almost getting old . you gotta give it to a movie that only runs 88 minutes and can feel two hours long . aside from that , airplane ! is really a top-notch spoof that will likely forever be known as a spoof classic . it would be a good choice to pop in the vcr with a group of friends , especially if they haven't seen it . and if they ask what the plot is , just tell 'em " it's a synopsis of the basic storyline of the film , but that's not important right now . " if you've seen the film , you'll understand ; - )
[83]	pos	pos	yes	is adapted from an original story by brian de palma and paul schrader , and is directed by de palma and scripted by schrader . set in new orleans , 1959 , it shows the wealthy michael courtland ( cliff robertson ) sitting on top of the world , celebrating his tenth wedding anniversary with a party in his mansion , as his lovely wife elizabeth ( genevi ? ve bujold ) and young daughter amy ( blackman ) , both look up to him beaming with joy . his real-estate development partner bob la salle ( john lithgow ) proposes a toast to him and to their prosperous business , while his high society friends give him their best wishes . upon retiring for the night , his daughter and wife are kidnapped in their bedroom and he is left with a ransom note to deliver $500 , 000 tomorrow or they will be killed . inspector brie ( stanley reyes ) comes up with a plan to put in phony money and a transmitter in the briefcase exchange , as that will lead them to the kidnappers . but the kidnappers burst out of the house surrounded by the police , taking the two victims with them and in the pursuing police chase , the kidnapper's car explodes and goes over the bridge , where none of the bodies were found . grieving the loss of his wife and child , the guilt-ridden michael builds them a tomb on the expensive land they were to develop . sixteen years later he goes with his partner bob on a vacation and he revisits florence , italy , where he met his wife . when he goes to the church where they met , he sees a young girl who looks exactly like his wife . her name is sandra portinari ( genevi ? ve bujold ) and she's working there restoring art that is decaying . he falls instantly in love with her and doesn't heed bob's warnings that she might be a gold digger and decides to take her back to new orleans and marry her . sandra becomes his second chance to prove his love , as he thinks he can finally put the past behind him . the surprises to come weren't really all that surprising , as the beauty in the storytelling is almost exclusively in the understated acting by the soul stricken cliff robertson , the emotionally impactful performance by genevi ? ve bujold , and the competent acting of john lithgow . it plays too much like a rehash of the master's work , to break any new ground , yet it is still thrilling in its own way .
[84]	pos	pos	yes	the entire picture . i found them quite useless , unfunny and distracting . also , i found that a lot of the funnier scenes had already been shown in the film's trailer . and of course , i never quite buy the fact that these beautiful , intelligent , single women still can't seem to find the " right guy " ( see kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) . i did really like all of the actors in the film , especially ben stiller , who appears to be solidifying his mark as a great comical actor with this picture and one of my favourites from 1996 , flirting with disaster ( 8/10 ) . i also liked matt dillon with his big teeth , and lee evans with his superb faux-sympathy british accent . funny stuff . also , make sure that you stay for the credits , because there is an entire montage of outtakes from the film that plays under a lip-synched version of " build me up buttercup " , which is really cool . overall , a cute comedy with a decent premise , and a few particularly hilarious scenes . little known facts : the farrellys big break came when they somehow got a copy of their script " dust to dust " into the hands of eddie murphy via ? murphy's neighbour . they only found out about murphy's interest , when they saw eddie mention the script on the david letterman show one night . matt dillon is a high school dropout . in between acting gigs , dillon has branched out into the restaurant business . close to home in his native new york , he co-owns both a bar called the whiskey and a swanky uptown eatery called the falls . cameron diaz stands 5 " 9 , started working as a model at the early age of 16 , and loves cats . ben stiller's father is jerry stiller . he played george costanza's ( jason alexander ) father on tv's " seinfeld " . peter farrelly has written a novel entitled " outside providence " which is currently being filmed starring alec baldwin . rob moran , who plays the cop in this film , also played the millionaire bowler in kingpin , and the bartender in dumb and dumber . he is old friends with the farrelly brothers from college , and is currently married to entertainment tonight anchor/correspondant julie moran . harland williams , who plays the nutty hitchhiker in this film , also played a state trooper in the farrelly's earlier dumb and dumber , and was the star of the unfortunate rocket man .
[85]	pos	pos	yes	, and the vulture-like skeksis . the mystics send jen , a naive gelfling boy , on a mission to find the shard that cracked away , which must be reinserted into the crystal before the skeksis become eternal rulers , before the great " conjunction " of three suns . along the way , jen encounters and teams up with the only other gelfling alive , the rebecca demornay-like kira , an ogre-witch named aughra , who removes her eyes to look at things , and a spastic-but-friendly , tumbleweed-like animal named fizzgig . much of the beauty in the dark crystal , which is a simple tale ( though it does not condescend to any viewer ) , lies in its art direction and creature design . the puppeteering is phenomenal--observe the scenes in which jen plays his flute , or the landwalker chase--but i must stress that any thoughts of strings and hands and remote controls all but vanish in the opening moments of the picture , a delicately-narrated ( by john baddeley ) , absorbing prologue . the voice work in the film , by muppet regulars and irregulars , is tone-perfect . as well , trevor jones' score should not be discounted : it contributes to the film almost as an unseen character . i suppose , due to the complexity involved in executing a movie of this nature , that it couldn't be helped , but i wish the film was longer . jen and kira have wonderful . . . well , chemistry , and more scenes of them quietly conversing would have been appreciated . the dark crystal has a very small cult following . the weaker labyrinth is probably better-known , which is upsetting . a friend of mine related a story to me that henson was pressured into planting humans among labyrinth's creatures due to the financial failure of people-less the dark crystal . that film never quite found its footing ; it played like an acid-trip episode of " the muppet show " with david bowie as guest-host , borrowing from tolkien and pandering to tolkien's fan-base . ( i suppose i just made labyrinth sound appetizing to a certain sector of the public . ) the dark crystal deserved ( and still deserves ) a bigger audience . it's the best kind of children's entertainment : elegant , fantastical , and courageously un-hip . brian henson , fortunate son , keep looking back at this , your father's masterpiece .
[86]	pos	pos	yes	bob the happy bastard's quickie review : the mummy brendan fraser's stuck in the past again , but at least this time he has something better to do than to quote sitcom lines and try to woo alicia silverstone . . . fraser is the lead star of the mummy , the second directorial effort from action director stephen sommers ( who also brought us the decent thrill ride that was deep rising ) . it's a rough adaptation of the 1932 film , and i say rough because it focuses more on special effects than on some guy in bandages , like boris karloff was engulfed in . but who cares , the movie has a sort of swashbuckling quality to it you can't get from , oh , say , godzilla or armageddon . fraser plays a soldier who gets a premonition during a battle with soldiers in an egyptian ground . basically , it's a little sign from the mummy buried underneath- a priest named ihmoetep who was buried alive for taking part of murdering the king and making out with his mistress . his plan- wake back up and wake her up also , making him invincible . of course , fraser returns to the site years later with a librarian ( rachel weisz ) and her brother ( john hanna ) , along with a former buddy of his ( deep rising's kevin j . o'connor ) and some " americans " . . . and guess what ? yup , ihmoetep ( arnold vosloo ) awakens and wreaks havoc . fire flies from the sky , flesh-eating beetles crawl about , and , well , ihmoetep's plan begins to unfold . ok , so it's not really all that new a story , but the way sommers tells it is entertaining enough . the special effects from industrial light and magic are top notch , and the acting from fraser and weisz isn't half bad either . the action is pretty intense ( favorite scene : the sandstorm ) and there are a few shocking scenes just to jolt you horror-loving folks as well . no , it's no phantom menace beater , but if you're looking for a solid warm-up to the summer movie season , you won't find a better film under wraps than the mummy . if this doesn't give fraser forgiveness from blast from the past and encino man , then nothing will .
[87]	pos	pos	yes	his father's lofty expectations . the various people in arthur's life come together to form a rich tapestry of humanity . like wang's earlier film , a great wall ( about a san francisco family visiting relatives in china ) , the laserman revolves around cultural differences . every character in the film is , in some way or another , trying to find his identity--struggling to negotiate a balance between his native culture and the american way . the movie also offers a provocative look at technology . wang appears in the movie as lieutenant lu , a detective who is fed up with machines , even though he relies on them to do his job . the film views technology with a wary eye , acknowledging its necessity while at the same time realizing its potential dangers . wang raises the time-honored question of whether scientists should be held responsible for their inventions . was einstein responsible for the a-bomb ? is arthur weiss responsible for his lasers ? the movie pits spirituality against technology , man against machine , and the result is a draw . according to the film , technology has its place , but we must employ it with great forethought and caution . ironically , by its very nature , the laserman is a triumph of technology--the technology of filmmaking . wang's direction is exquisite , especially during the tense finale in which the director frantically cross-cuts between the various subplots , perhaps in homage to d . w . griffith . cinematographer ernest dickerson , who has worked on all of spike lee's films , gives the laserman a distinctive , artistic look . mason daring's score , which includes a send-up of bach , is right on target . the laserman is an ambitious endeavor , which is to be applauded , but it's sometimes ambitious to a fault . wang serves up so many slices of life in the film that it's hard to digest them all . for instance , one character ( arthur's sister ) has negligible screen time , and consequently we just don't care about her marital problems . in weaving his web , wang has included a few too many strands . overall , however , the laserman is a charmingly eclectic concoction . on the surface , the film is a light and bouncy comedy-thriller , overflowing with whimsical humor and visual style . the heavier issues emerge only when you take a deeper look at the film . you can ponder the moral questions or you can just sit back and enjoy the absurdity of life in china town .
[88]	pos	pos	yes	emperor . jealous and upset , commodus kills his own father , names himself emperor , kills maximus' wife and son , and attempts to kill maximus . but maximus is able to escape his own death and vows to kill commodus and fulfill marcus aurelius' wishes . now a slave , the only way he can win his own freedom and complete his goal is to become a winning gladiator , who eventually are released for their success . a story of betrayal and promises , gladiator is more than just a mindless action flick . you actually care about the characters , sometimes even the evil villain commodus , who is just a young man as determined to make rome one way as maximus is determined to make it the other way . phoenix plays his character brilliantly . think of commodus as the percy wetmore ( of pant-wetter the green mile ) of the roman empire - a whiny , sleazy , " respect-me-because-my-father-was-a-good-man " brat who hates when he's not the center of attention . every scene we see commodus , he's either crying or he looks like he has just been crying . phoenix has definitely matured as an actor since to die for , and gladiator shows he's more than just river's little brother . crowe is also excellent as the film's grisly-faced hero . maximus is one of the few characters in recent cinema who actually has emotions . this guy actually acts like a anyone in his situation would act , he's no invincible superhero who only blurts out one-liners , he ( believe it or not ) acts like a human being ! the rest of the cast , including richard harris , djimon hounsou , walter hill , derek jacobi , and connie nielsen are also first rate . ridley scott , using outstanding special effects , has brilliantly recreated the roman coliseum , the loudness of the roman mob , and the city of rome in general . the visuals are breathtaking and voluminous , like a cleopatra of the year 2000 . the costuming is also wonderful from the detailed shields and armor to the exquisite dress of the upper-class politicians . gladiator is another movie you have to see on the big screen to get the most out of the experience . along with u-571 , action fans should have plenty to see in theaters this week and should expect much more excitement to come this summer of 2000 .
[89]	pos	pos	yes	night , turns into a horrifying , blood splattering night . the deep dark secrets of what really happened in that asylum and why those guests are actually there are revealed . one-by-one the people start to disappear . conspiracies start to turn up , and steven price finds out that his house may be alive after all . the people find rooms , which once held mental patients . rooms which once had people dying . rooms which may still contain these people . now these five people must try and survive the night and try and survive the house , and they must survive each other with terrorfying results . since i officially haven't seen the original i can't say which is better . i can say however i liked this movie . geoffrey rush gives a one in a million performance as the rich steven price , and does a great job doing a vincent price role . famke jansen as his wife was great and even kind of eerie at times . ali carter and taye diggs sort of become the main characters and ali carter who debuted in varsity blues gives a fantastic performance here as does taye diggs . chris kattan gives us great comic relief and the movie contains a lot of comical lines . peter ghallager and brigette wilson were great as well and gave commanding performances as potential victims . the plot was well conceived and was very absorbing . the movie has atmosphere the whole way through that is disturbing and creepy , and even sometimes downright scary . i found even the opening credits to me a little ominous . one thing i knew not to expect was a 'haunting' type movie with special effects galore . even though it had fantastic gore and special effects , the movie has only a 19 million dollar budget , which doesn's show all the way through but you can tell . the movie was written well , and it's only major flaw is the under-developed characters and plot holes that we are left with . the ending is quite clever and some may not even get it . i must say house on haunted hill was a surprise . i was expecting another haunting with special effects , no scares and a dumb ending . instead i found a good halloween movie with gore , scares and great acting . house on haunted hill is one of those movies you really can't take seriously . though it is a well-made movie with a good storyline it still has some flaws . but besides that the movie is fun , smart and scary and makes us wonder why remakes like this can't be made all the time !
[90]	pos	pos	yes	creating drama and suspense in apollo 13 . being the second largest box office hit in the us this summer ( with more than us$150 million in the states alone ) , this film is his most successful effort yet . perhaps one of the most appealing feature of this film is the pool of talented actors such as tom hanks ( gump himself ) , kevin bacon ( footloose , tremors , a few good men etc . ) , gary sinise ( forrest gump ) , bill paxton ( aliens , true lies , boxing helena ) and ed harris ( the abyss , just cause ) . . all of whom gave good performances in their respective roles . apollo 13 was the second worst accident ever to occur in the history of us spaceflight ( the worst being the challenger accident ) . jim lovell ( hanks ) , the mission commander , together with his crew , fred haise ( paxton ) and last minute replacement tom swigert ( bacon ) are put to the ultimate test when part of their command module explodes on the third day of the mission , more than three quarters way to the moon . suspense and drama ensue as the three men are left in space with their spaceship out of control and the problem of surviving the journey home . . . if they ever reach it . ed harris and gary sinise who play , respectively , the man in charge of the entire mission control and the astronaut who was supposed to fly but was diagnosed with measles , both delve into their roles superbly . audiences are shown the chaotic and worrisome state of the entire ground control crew , as they frantically attempt to come up with ideas on how to save the astronauts from hurtling into space . also , there are quite a number of real news footages which were broadcast during the accident which took the entire us nation into 5 days of drama in 1970 . the special effects by digital domain are up to standard and the music suits the suspense and drama very well , thanks to film-music maestro james horner . watch out for the launching sequence , it is simply one of the most breathtaking scenes of the film . a bad point though : apollo 13 features much technical jargon and many physics concepts in its script . those who consider themselves `scientifically illiterate' might have a slight problem understanding what caused this and what caused that during the course of the show . this is however , just a minor point , just forget all those technical bullshit and immerse yourselves into the drama and suspense throughout the film . you should enjoy it .
[91]	pos	pos	yes	an explosion that collapses a busy tunnel between new york and new jersey . sylvester stallone plays kit latura , who is essentially a carbon copy of the character he played in _cliffhanger_ : a paramedic on the outs because he made a mistake that got people killed . when the crisis hits , he is in the right place at the right time and takes it upon himself to go in and get everybody out . there are other similarities to _cliffhanger_ , too ; perhaps the only real difference is that _cliffhanger_ had a villain , where _daylight_'s bad guy is mother nature . in fact , had the two movies been made in hong kong , this might have been titled _cliffhanger ii_--it bears the same relationship to that film that most hk film " sequels " do to their predecessors . the first half-hour of _daylight_ is setup . subplots are woven , and the mechanism of the disaster is assembled . we meet all the important people . . . toxic waste disposal truck drivers ; a young , frustrated , jilted , rejected playwright ; a family struggling to stay together ; an older couple and their dog ; a truckload of prisoners ; an ad agency executive ; a tunnel police officer ; stallone ; and others . we watch the trucks trundle toward their destination ; we watch stallone and so many others driving toward the tunnel for their various reasons . and then , thirty minutes into the film , _boom_ . and it's a big one . >from there on in , it's sly stallone to the rescue . and rescue he does , enduring batterings , beatings , falls , repeated immersion in 34-degree water , explosions , mud , rats , and constant setbacks , before going on to save the day , sly-style . again . . . there's nothing new here . and yet there doesn't need to be . the fun of _daylight_ is not in the story but in the execution . the special-effects are first-rate , thanks to industrial light and magic , and the ensemble cast works well together . once the film hits its stride , it carries the viewer right along to the finish , with very few jars along the way . this review is copyright 1996 by christopher e . meadows . permission granted for distribution through rec . arts . movies . reviews and all associated archival . permission granted for free redistribution via cyberspace as long as this message remains attached . all other rights reserved to the author .
[92]	pos	pos	yes	script is characteristically weak , and the dialogue suffers in lieu of a far more innovative visual approach . but , like the card sharp , the matrix wows its audience to such a high degree that actual content is irrelevent . the viewers don't care about what the matrix has to say as long as the next special effects sequence is right around the corner . and right around the corner they usually are , for the script tells a fast-paced , albeit frequently revisited story . as the movie explains , the world as we know it is nothing but an elaborate computer program constructed by an artificial intelligence for the purpose of placating mankind . billions of human beings lie in this dormant state while the intelligence -- the matrix -- " farms " our life energy . only a select group of individuals knows of the " real " world , and a particularly ingenious squad of these rebels is led by ultra-cool morpheus ( laurence fishburne ) . morpheus and his crew recruit a computer expert named neo ( keanu reeves ) , believing he is a prophesied individual who will help them overthrow the matrix and return peace to earth . the cast plays out this story in stylish fashion . the set design is very dynamic , running the gambit between cramped and dreary to bright and airy . the costumes , as well as the actors who wear them , add to the roles . for instance , the manifested antagonists in the movie , a group of " agents " created by the matrix in its computer program , all dress in matching secret servicewear ; the rebel fighters , on the other hand , dress in rich hues of leather . the casting cannot be criticized , for the typically stoic reeves isn't required to say much and laurence fishburne gets plenty of time to be so damn cool . supports in carrie-anne moss , joe pantoliano , and hugo weaving are all effectual . one of the best comparisons to thw matrix is last year's science fiction masterpiece dark city , particularly if one ponders how this same premise would've worked from a different approach . the alex proyas film was far more dark and introspective , requiring a bit of thought before themes became clear ; here , the wachowski brothers have managed to construct a thrill-ride motion picture with little abandon and much noise . the better picture between the two depends on the viewer , but the key to the success of the matrix is that the noise did not get in the way of the fun .
[93]	pos	neg	no	tend to overuse : he relies a little too heavily on actors shouting their lines at each other presumably in order to ratchet up the tension . this isn't as much a problem here as it was in night falls on manhattan , lumet's most recent cop \ lawyer endeavor , a movie that nearly gave me an ulcer from just watching . though of late lumet has made several really awful career choices ( maybe he and treat should get together for a drink or something ) , the most recent a completely unnecessary remake of gloria , here he was on , sustaining tension in a film that runs for 167 minutes with not one dull spot . some of the formula pictures i like the best are the most simplistic . hollywood often forgets how easy it is to make these kinds of pictures even tolerable . of course cop movies aren't popular anymore ( yes buddy cop flicks are popular but those are more like extended sitcoms with gunfire amid the punch lines ) , but just look at the average hollywood action movies , flicks so bloated and full of unnecessary fat like the boring love interest that serves no purpose other than to stall the action and demonstrate that our hero isn't gay , the lame comic relief character who's never funny , and on and on . for all its moral ambiguities prince of the city is a back to the basics cop \ courtroom drama that leaves out all the crap and really thrills . it focuses completely on its story , and its characters all of whom are completely believable from the cops to the lawyers to the junkies . there's a great scene early on where an irate williams shouts at an ia officer and looks as if he's about to go into one of those corny braveheart inspirational speeches , but instead he breaks down in front of the cop and begins sobbing . this is a scene that would never make it into a michael bay film ( even though bruce willis sacrifices his life at the end of armageddon , not one damn tear ) it would be cut out because the director would say oh that makes him too human , excuse me , weak . in the very next scene danny speaks in a hushed raspiness , straining to get the words out . he's lost his voice . does that little itty bitty detail matter ? maybe not to most , but it sure made my night . and in a sprawling epic of corruption , greed , betrayal and violence it's nice to see that someone is paying attention to the little things .
[94]	pos	pos	yes	, son-in-law is the film to see this summer . son-in-law is a great romantic comedy that should please the viewers , especially fans of the wiez . when son-in-law is long gone and forgotten , the blockbuster summer films will still be playing and you will have a chance to see them then . this film could also make great video fare for those that are leery of spending seven dollars on it . nothing will be lost by watching it on a television screen . although the basic story line has been done many , many times before , the film is still fun to watch . the laughs are plentiful , especially when the wiez is around . the way some of the jokes are done are new , even though some of the jokes are old . there are also several new jokes that , at least , i haven't seen before . still , when presented right , even old material can be funny still . this film is just basically a light comedy that is great to see if you are in the right mood that doesn't contain much violence or any nudity that is definitely worth full ticket price . the cast for this film does an excellent job . pauly shore ( encino man ) is the star attraction of this film . he is great , and knows how to entertain the audience . pauly shore just seems to take over the entire screen when he is on with expressions and comments that are hilarious . this film would definitely not have been as good with anyone else in this role . carla gugino does a very good job as the farm girl gone city girl . she makes her character believable , on some levels , yet interesting at the same time . the person who played the grandfather ( mason adams , i believe ) also does a great job . the way he delivered his lines kept me laughing throughout the time that he was on the screen . patrick renna , who played gugino's little brother , was a little annoying , but no where as near as macaulay culkin , and for only part of the time , so i can forgive him . tiffani-amber thiessen ( a killer among friends , " saved by the bell " ) does a reasonably good job for the time that she is on screen . she shows that she may have a potential in movies if she can get out of the corny young adults programming on television . she wasn't given overly much to do in the film , but what she had , she does a good job with .
[95]	pos	pos	yes	paying attention to the debris instead of thx bombast . three kings is russell's first visually arresting picture . stylistically , it stands apart from other war dramas . newton thomas sigel's cinematography of the exteriors is overexposed and extremely grainy , which is , of course , entirely appropriate . one practically breaks out in sweat staring at the screen . ( a friend enthusiastically added , " it's like having sand in your eyes . " ) this also helps to blur the fact that the actual locations are far removed from the persian gulf facade . ( three kings was shot in arizona , california , and mexico . ) russell throws plenty at sigel's camera for it to observe-as was the case with russell's previous efforts , the most absurd moments are also the film's most realistic , even the most poignant . ( we watch a bullet puncture an organ from the inside . ) if anything , three kings settles down and stops surprising us . its climax is pure hollywood , no doubt the answer to why a major studio felt comfortable getting into bed with the indie-minded russell . subsequently , the characters become more cartoonish-barlow's post-torture revelry felt phony , and chief , a strong presence in the first third , fails to escape the god-fearing-ultra-serious-anti-racist-black-man-of-power clich ? -so much for cube avoiding token status . ( the arab players , on the other hand , duck stereotype . ) clooney , too , transforms into a blandly heroic protestor-marching with the rebels , i waited for him to shout , " let my people go ! " hayseed vig notwithstanding , the protagonists are very intelligent , and self-serving , too ; i had a glimmer of hope , based on russell's filmography , that our antiheroes would revert to their greedy selves at some juncture . ( it's not spoiling much to write that . ) then again , what historical importance would such nastiness serve ? ( there's already enough cynicism in the film's mentioning of kuwait's oil-infested waters . ) russell offers the masses a primer on the oft-dismissed gulf conflict , and pulled off a neat trick : a war tale full of battles that takes place after a truce has been declared . if he set out to make something socially/culturally/politically/globally significant , he succeeded . with flair .
[96]	pos	pos	yes	, while it means so much more to whale , who sees boone as sort of his salvation in life . although boone is only in a dead-end job as a gardener of people's homes , whale views him as the ideal man , not only one that is good-looking , even though it is this attraction that first begins his feelings , but one that will actually listen to him . since whale lives with only his loyal , but disapproving maid ( touchingly portrayed by lynn redgrave ) , it is boone that whale can talk to in his ultimate reclusion from the world , and the only reason whale finally decides to attend the gathering of george cuckor . although an extremely fine and mature picture , a few small elements hold the film back from ultimate greatness . it is appreciated that the film does not pull for any obvious or overly dramatic story developments , but it is a little thin , and the structuring of the " on-again-off-again " friendship at the film's center is fairly predictable . we know early on where these two characters are headed , and we can guess that there will be a final confrontation between the two as the tension slowly builds . in lesser hands , this set-up might have felt too calculated , but it is not in the surprisingly deft treatment and writing that helps the film to be much more than this . also , a subplot is briefly brought up between clayton and a waitress working at a bar ( effectively played by lolita davidovich ) , but abruptly dropped and never brought up again . if the film was not going to follow up on this side story , then it , perhaps , should have been taken out altogether . " gods and monsters " is a heartfelt and intelligent motion picture , impressively directed by bill condon , who , i sense , relates to or fully understands the meaning behind the curious relationship between whale and boone . the film also plays as a tribute to a fine man who met an untimely end . walking away from " gods and monsters , " it was ian mckellen's marvelous and astounding performance that left the most impression on me , and i doubt there could have been anyone who could have stepped into the role more fully and believably . it is a sad testament when a person's true talent and love is unfairly taken away from them , based on the scrutinization and judgement of their personal life , which , ironically enough , is no one else's business in the first place .
[97]	pos	pos	yes	reaction to this situation , and the way in which he slowly becomes more receptive to skylar and to sean , is presented in a believable fashion and in a way that forces the audience to consider all the characters' opinions , rather than setting up an obvious " right " and " wrong " side and beating them over the head with it . for a film with such an extraordinary character , " good will hunting " presents itself as remarkably ordinary ; it achieves the difficult task of making the next albert einstein into an everyman , a character to whom the audience can easily relate and who must make choices similar to those that almost everyone faces at one time or another . this film gives us real drama when it so easily could have given us merely melodrama , by having the government kidnap will to use him in covert spy missions or introducing some other equally far-fetched situation . " good will hunting " also has its share of fun humor , such as when will , in an early therapy session , pretends to be hypnotized and smoothly parodies the alien abduction scenarios that have become so well known in popular culture . and in the one scene in which government agents do in fact appear , will blows them off with a hilariously scathing accusation of human rights violations in africa . will's relationship with his friends , most notably chucky ( ben affleck ) , is usually rather amusing , if somewhat crude ( the film has 100+ uses of the 'f' word , which was most likely the reason for its r-rating ) , and lends itself well to the development of will's character . add all this to the fact that " good will hunting " even manages to pull off an uplifting happy ending without getting excessively sentimental , and you might be wondering why i haven't given this film four stars . well , for one thing , no matter how well damon and affleck , who wrote the screenplay , and director gus van sant pull it off , the story is still rather contrived and not particularly original . there are also a few scenes that did feel a bit formulaic , including one that was supposed to be emotional but really just seemed like the obligatory crying scene for any movie involving therapy sessions . still , " good will hunting " takes its premise a lot farther than i thought it would , and is definitely one of the better personal dramas i have seen in the last few years , and as of right now it stands as one of the top five on my list of '97 films .
[98]	pos	pos	yes	known as morquio syndrome which , among other things , prevents bones , ligaments , and joints from developing normally . smith's debilitating disease makes him an obvious physical choice for " simon birch " ; however , the producers unwisely favored form over function--smith's acting abilities are limited at best . another drawback is that in the book , simon's condition is described the way irving describes any of his characters--in careful , loving detail . watching " simon birch , " however , creates a different feeling altogether ; the audience is forced into a voyeuristic relationship with the character , surely something irving would not have intended . simon himself tends to be too cute and irritating , a combination of smith's rookie status as an actor and the precocious one-liners he's forced to deliver , courtesy mark steven johnson , the film's director and screenwriter . fortunately , simon birch isn't the real star of the film that bears his name . simon is more of a catalyst , allowing his co-stars to shape the story , and the actors who fill those roles to turn in outstanding supporting performances , saving the film from an obsequious , manipulative destiny . first and foremost is joseph mazzello ( " jurassic park " ) , who is nothing less than remarkable as simon's best friend , joe . mazzello turns in a wonderfully layered performance for a 14 year old , ripe with laughter , pain , and tears ; he is certainly an emerging talent . ashley judd positively beams in her role as rebecca , joe's single mother , and oliver platt is warm and tender as her boyfriend , ben . david strathairn and jan hooks play the town's reverend and sunday school teacher respectively and their contributions uphold the high standards set by the others . there's even a surprising yet effective uncredited cameo performance from . . . well , that would be telling . perhaps " suggested by " the novel is the appropriate way to go after all , since " simon birch " only focuses on one chapter , one year , of simon's extraordinary life . the film also changes the book's ending to one that is more melodramatic , yet necessary given simon's lot . the flavor of irving's original novel remains , however--the passions , friendships , and insecurities that come with a change of seasons to the little community of gravestown , maine , and the engaging oddballs , both big and small , who reside there .
[99]	pos	pos	yes	. but for a change of pace , mrs . brown director john madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the wonderfully vibrant shakespeare in love . marc norman and tom stoppard's story is largely fantasy , although as the viewer soon learns , shakespeare in love is not a movie that takes itself seriously . ( will shakespeare of the 1590's would've been married to anne hathaway , and he would've had a teenage daughter and two young sons ; here he is a bachelor played by joseph fiennes . ) will is a writer struggling to come up with a great play , and his current comedy in the works -- " romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter " -- just doesn't quite seem right . with the help of the great writer christopher marlowe ( rupert everett ) , and the inspiration of true love with noblewoman viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) , he changes things around and writes one of his greatest tragedies , " romeo and juliet . " the love story between will and viola loosely parallels the story of romeo and juliet , to great effect . fiennes and paltrow develop a sexy chemistry as the two lovers which gives the movie much momentum ; this momentum smoothes out the bumps in the unfinished and largely unsuccessful comedy . the supporting roles are well filled out , from geoffrey rush as will's worrisome agent , philip , to tom wilkinson as the producer hugh fennyman . even ben affleck , leading the troupe of actors , manages to make a favorable impression ; and judi dench lends some brief moments of screen time as queen elizabeth i . gwyneth paltrow is by far , however , the standout of the lot , creating a large percentage of the forementioned vibrance . the story is well-crafted if nothing else , although it has dangerous moments where it flirts with the " let's make a movie " -genre . the dialogue is breezy and lighthearted , and certainly accessible by the audience's lowest common denominator . there's something for everyone in this romantic comedy , making it prime date flick material . although certainly not inspiring in any regard , it revels in a wholesome , well-rounded atmosphere that has been absent in many of 1998's pictures ; the true-love story is one of the best around . certainly recommendable when the traditional slew of indifferent year's-open releases is just around the corner .
[100]	neg	neg	yes	sense ) and it only gets better as he engages himself in an argument about the benefits of railroad over recreational vehicles . of course , the loudmouth conductor is the first person to find a bloody body , which is then gone when he brings a skeptical trainman back to view it . i forgot to mention the prologue . it's a party three years earlier , with the same group of students . two of them play a trick on a geeky frat pledge , promising him he's going to get laid . they send jamie lee up to stand behind the bed and talk to the geek as he comes in , noticing a form on the bed . she says , " kiss me , kenny , " and he kisses the body on the bed , which happens to be a cadaver . ( " oh my god , they killed kenny ! you bastards ! " ) it's a sick trick , and one jamie lee wasn't let in on . she still hasn't forgiven the guy as they board the terror train ( " you asshole , you can't have a good time without hurting somebody ! " ) . the killing starts before the train even leaves the station . since it's new year's , everyone's wearing disguises ( a convenient plot device we've seen before ) , and someone stabs the guy in the groucho mask when no one's looking . at least one of the characters says it's a groucho mask ; when the killer dons it and steps aboard , it looks like gene shalit who , by the way , would make a great killer in a slasher movie . speaking of weird-looking dorks who still persist on the entertainment scene , one of terror train's most famous gimmicks is the appearance of david copperfield " as the magician , " who regails those aboard with illusions set to disco music . then there's his greatest trick -- getting laid with hair that looks like that . for all its attempts at visual style and substance , terror train is more lionel than amtrak , more prom night than halloween , and nothing really worth watching . only die-hard fans of jamie lee curtis and david copperfield ( if he truly has any fans ) should even attempt to watch it . and it makes me wonder if a horror movie set in an rv could be much worse . i mean , when was the last time someone built a shopping mall next to a train station , anyway ? terror train is definitely the cinematic equivalent of a sleeper car .
[101]	neg	pos	no	according to hitchcock and various other filmmakers , isolated motels , diners , gas stations and similar establishments in american southwest can be rather dangerous place for weary travellers . at the beginning of eye of the storm , 1991 german- american thriller directed by yuri zeltser , one of such places becomes deadly for their owners who get murdered during the stick up . ten years later their son steven ( played by bradley gregg ) , who was blinded during the incident , still runs motel together with his older brother ray ( played by craig sheffer ) . hardly anything happens there until alcoholic and abusive william gladstone ( played by dennis hopper ) gets stranded there with his attractive wife sandra ( played by lara flynn boyle ) . their unexpected presence creates the chain of the events that would end in bloodshed . yuri zeltser , author of this film , was obviously inspired by hitchcock's psycho , but he chose to add some new and potentially interesting elements to the original plot . instead of norman bates we have two brothers - one of them traumatised physically , another mentally . sexual tension between beautiful female patron and shy motel clerk is heightened with the presence of alcoholic husband . eye of the storm is impressive in visual sense , with photography by karl walter lindenlaub providing a lot of claustrophobic atmosphere . the acting is fine - hopper , gregg and boyle are comfortable with their roles , but sheffer at times overacts his psycho routine . unfortunately , eye of the storm , which was supposed to be intense psychological drama , deteriorates into cheap and predictable slasher flick during melodramatic finale . in the end , this film reminds us that original approach can't prevent filmmakers from wasting too many opportunities . ( special note to the profiler fans : ally walker appears in the beginning of the film in the small role of killer's girlfriend . )
[102]	neg	neg	yes	, gruff , and a little bit scary . or law in " albino alligator " --tough , gruff , and little bit scarier . or colonel william sharp in " armageddon , " or dwayne engelman in " strange days , " or even his brief appearance towards the beginning of " pearl harbor , " as the abusive father of danny--here is an actor who gravitates towards tough , gruff , hard-hitting roles . which is why his performance in " what's the worst that could happen ? " is such a shock , such a delight . in the film , fichtner plays a blonde haired , meticulously dressed , overtly effeminate , dog-loving detective . as alex tardio , fichtner's performance borders on caricature but goes beyond it . it borders on offensive but doesn't really manage it . and it borders on clich ? d stereotype but doesn't quite succumb to that definition either . in a role so diametrically opposed to what the actor has played before we should have seen it coming , fichtner isn't perfect--you can see him struggling a little at times , concentrating a little too hard on the look as he swishes his hand through the air , or nuzzles a coiffed canine up close and personal--but he's pretty damned good , and silly , and without question the best thing in the film . in fact , had it not been for fitchner's sudden and bizarre appearance , and his jarring screen presence thereafter , i would have walked out , for " what's the worst that could happen ? " is mesmerizing in its awfulness , a poorly written , haphazardly edited , and totally unfunny ( yes , it stars martin lawrence and danny devito so how could that be possible ? ) moviegoing experience . fichtner's performance doesn't exactly save the film , and it's not like i'm recommending " what's the worst that could happen ? " solely on the strength of the actor's dramatic turnaround , but his contributions do raise the film's rating from no stars to one-and-a-half . thumbs up to fichtner then , and thumbs down--way , way , down--to everyone else involved in this sorry mess , a movie so dull and pedestrian and nonsensical it doesn't even warrant discussion .
[103]	neg	pos	no	capture a quirky and clever tone , it too often comes across instead as hopelessly contrived ( witness such lines as " you should have asked something more interesting , like 'do you enjoy the pain ? ' - see , that's provocative , leaves room for further questions . " ) the film enjoys a few inspired moments - the urn scene , a session of nude bowling , the policeman joining in on terry and nick's acid trip - but unfortunatetely these instances are few and far between , and for the most part the humour in dream with the fishes registers more as attempts rather than actual successes . this occurs particularly often during the film's opening sequence - as terry is wrestling the bedridden nick for his watch in the hospital , i'm realising that this is * intended * to be funny , although nary a smile crept upon my lips - which is probably due to the obvious fact that it's painfully clear to the audience from the outset that terry is going to be thwarted in his initial suicide attempts , sapping any element of surprise or amusement from nick's scheme of tricking him ; this is not a film which has the wherewithal to kill off its leading star in the opening ten minutes . the entire sequence is , then , clearly an exercise for character exposition , with attempts at humour terribly diminished by utter predictability . among the cast , coming off best is david arquette , the current master in the portrayal of meek , squirming , stammering fresh-faced characters - he would have been terrific as the lead for george huang's swimming with sharks - who gets to apply his adeptness for timidity as terry . mr . taylor ambitiously employs an interesting visual technique , where the portions of the film set in an urban environment have been processed to appear extremely grainy and heavily saturated , as opposed to a bright , crisp look for the smalltown scenes . the charge of dream with the fishes's protagonists being wholly unempathetic is a bit of an odd one coming from me ; i seem to have a predilection for films with unlikeable characters , and indeed , in many cases have i been in the minority , supporting films which have been condemned as interminable due to the difficult , audience-unfriendly nature of their characters . for dream with the fishes , though , i did find myself on the flip side of coin , often hoping that the film would quickly conclude , and that the nick character would just hurry up and die .
[104]	neg	neg	yes	and the various lives he affects . but while the characters , places and events may have special meaning to the writer-director , the audience is left in the dark . the center of this tale is the abusive raymond ( ray winstone ) , and the film focuses on him and the people who orbit around him . he spends his days hanging out with his friends at pubs and girlie bars . then , he returns home to his pregnant wife , valerie ( kathy burke ) and their five-year-old daughter . raymond demonstrates his violent tendencies ( and his paranoid delusions ) early on when he accuses valerie's brother , billy ( charlie creed-miles ) , of stealing . raymond then proceed to beat ( and bite ) him to a bloody wreck . but these are the least of billy's problems . billy is a heroin addict on the downturn , and it doesn't seem that he'll last much longer . billy and valerie's mother , janet ( laila morse ) , is raymond's nemesis . she disapproves of him ( and he of her ) , but is powerless to do anything about it . she merely struggles on , hoping her children will survive their respective torments . if this description seems bleak , i haven't told the half of it . this is not a cheery movie , and most of the time it's downright depressing . while at times it is interesting to watch to see just what makes raymond tick , and why no one ever simply calls the cops on him , in the end , it's not quite worth it . there are too many scenes which randomly dot the picture with little or no purpose . take for example the extended sequence where one of billy's scuzzy friends defends a stray puppy . the film is filled with these " character moments " that never really achieve anything . granted , there are a few genuinely powerful ( and sickening ) moments in the film , but their expression seems to be more of a catharsis for the creator than us . the actors do a fine job , particularly in the central roles . the good thing about an actor turned writer is that oldman knows how to write good scenes , and the actors in nil by mouth have some meat they can tear into . the bad thing about an actor turned director is that there's no one to restrain oldman from making poor choices . a good character drama should mean something to those involved in making the film and the audience . oldman got it about half right .
[105]	neg	pos	no	on dvd from new line home video . it is available both as a single disc and as part of the nightmare on elm street collection box set . the film is presented in both pan and scan and it's original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 78 : 1 ( although on the disc that comes in the box set , only a widescreen transfer is provided ) . the film has been digitally remastered and includes two options for audio : a mono mix and a new dolby digital 5 . 1 mix . also included on the dvd is a full-length audio commentary track with writer/director wes craven , stars john saxon and heather langenkamp , and the film's director of photography . other extras include the " jump to a nightmare " feature ( i'm sure you can figure that one out ) , the usual cast and crew bios ( which are from the film's original press release kit , and notably leave out robert englund and johnny depp ! ) , and the film's original theatrical trailer . some dvd-rom features are also included , but since i don't have dvd-rom capabilities i can't really get into that . the commentary track is entertaining and informative , but nothing spectacular . the first thing of note is that it's the same commentary track that was on the special edition laserdisc from a few years ago . i'm not saying that's a negative thing , just pointing it out . everyone seems enthusiastic about being there , with the possible exception of john saxon , who just doesn't say much at all . most of the time you'll forget he's even there . everyone else talks really quietly though for some reason , as if because they're commenting on a scary movie that they need to stay as quiet as possible . the bonus disc with the boxed set called the nightmare series encyclopedia features about 45 minutes worth of interviews relating to the first film of the series . also included is the original theatrical trailer and two alternate endings to the film . . . however you can only access one easily . the other is hidden in what's called " the labyrinth " , which might possibly be the most annoying feature of a dvd ever created . basically , it's an interactive game of sorts where you wander through different nightmare locations looking at objects which give you access to extra little snippets of footage , interviews , etc . somewhere in the labyrinth is the second alternate ending to the film . finding it though is both a chore and a bore . [r]
[106]	neg	neg	yes	in 1989 , tim burton took the legendary comic book figure of batman and turned him into a huge box office hit with an atmospheric little film that created an utterly distinct feeling somewhere between film noir and the godfather . was it " deep " ? nope . however it was a perfect entertainment and the audience ate it up . it was natural that roger ebert trashed it writing that it was " without the comic book uplift " of the indiana jones and superman pictures . which was true . if what you were looking for was the tale of a heroic man's escadapes and adventures you were looking in the wrong place . if those films were tom sawyer , then batman was huckleberry finn . some critics ( glenn lovell of the san jose mercury news and peter travers of rolling stone ) realized that it was something special ; mr . lovell gave it * * * 1/2 and wrote that " this is batman as batman should be . " ; mr . travers called it one of the ten best films of the year . the praise was deserved - from start to finish the film was enthralling , exciting , and superb in every respect . there was no doubt that there would be a sequel directed by burton . the result was batman returns which forgets that it wants to be fun within the first five minutes . the villains ( the hideous penguin and seductive catwoman ) take over , and our epectations are always left unfulfilled - when we wanted the penguin to bite off batman's nose he simply gets mad , and when we want catwoman to slither over batman's body she gets pushed off a building . i admire mr . burton for trying to do more then entertain , but the result is a mess . nothing works out as planned - it fails both to entertain and to enlighten . hints are made to the audience that this film could be a blast . alas , these are only hints . there are , don't misunderstand me , several moments of cinematic genuis contained ; catwoman and batman understand eachother perfectly without a word on the subject being said ; christopher lloyd is trapped , by the penguin , within a giant cage ; a small basket is dropped into a large river ; but nothing is drawn together and burton is unable to make the film work on any regular basis . a weak followup , both career and sequel wise , batman returns is sometimes dazzling , but to often dissapointing .
[107]	neg	neg	yes	to believe she now has super strength by virtue of being controlled by satan , but the script never sets that up , so the scene is merely silly . none of this is terribly exciting , because all the action sequences are so badly framed that it's often hard to tell why it's happening in the first place , not to mention that they're edited in full-on incomprehensible mtv quick-cut style . most of them had me scratching my head , rather than saying , " wow , cool ! " " end of days " is not only silly and confusing , but it's also distinctly unpleasant to watch . the devil apparently doesn't operate in the more subtle , i'll-convince-people-to-kill-each-other fashion outlined in the bible , but instead enjoys killing people gruesomely in broad daylight . this doesn't only make him an awfully predictable sort , but it also means that not a single scene in " end of days " goes by without unnecessarily graphic violence , or the odd kinky sexual encounter ( yet another bit that had me scratching my head ) . if violence is supposed to be shocking , it's not a good idea to throw so much of it into a movie that the audience goes numb . scenes aren't connected through any reasonable means , so a lot of the time , stuff gets blown up , or people get killed , and i had no idea why . reasons ? to hell with reasons ! let's just blow stuff up ! isn't it cool ? nope , not by a long shot . this film is thoroughly unwatchable . it's dull , interminable , and unrelenting in its stupidity . perhaps arnold needs to make some movies with james cameron to revive his career , because it's not happening with hack peter hyams here . " end of days " might have had camp value , if only it didn't top itself off with an overly pious ending that nobody's going to buy . if the movie is going to be serious , the filmmakers should have come up with a decent script . if it's going to be campy , arnold shouldn't be taking himself so damn seriously ( i didn't actually see him put up on a cross , did i ? ) , and his character shouldn't be such a sad sack . as it stands , " end of days " is just a bad movie , and an awfully gloomy one at that .
[108]	neg	neg	yes	free time , i had a chance to either go to sleep early or to see " mafia ! " , a spoof of mafia and crime films such as " the godfather , " " goodfellas " and " casino " . at 84 minutes in length , i thought that i could enjoy a few laughs before getting a good nights sleep . but by my account , i think that my laff-o-meter only registered a few grins , one giggle , and maybe one chortle . i suppose that you could justify your time as homage to the venerable hollywood star , lloyd bridges , who just recently passed away and whose last performance was in this film . " mafia ! " chronicles vincenzo cortino's ( lloyd bridges ) life . separated from his family when he was young , he escapes to america and tries to live an honest life . but as fate would have it , vincenzo grows up to be a powerful and klutzy crime lord . following in his footsteps are his two sons , joey ( billy burke ) and anthony ( jay mohr ) . like all siblings in powerful crime families , they squabble over power , the future of the family , fortune , and women . " mafia ! " is co-written by jim abrahams , who also contributed to some gut-busting funny spoofs such as " airplane " and " the naked gun . " but these previous movies were funny because the jokes seemed more universally understood and there was more of a manic silliness at work . as i write this , i also wonder how many people have actually seen the movies on which this spoof is based . crime movies in general contain a lot of profanity and violence . it's a tough genre to parody . i was kind of hoping that they could somehow spoof the profanity used in all of those crime movies , maybe by having all of the tough crime lords say " please " as they decide which sector to take over , but this opportunity was never explored . there were one or two moments that made me smile such as the scene where vincenzo is dancing with his newly wed daughter-in-law . a gunman shoots him several times . the impact of the bullets cause him to make these wild contortions that force the wedding band to change music styles to keep up with him , from the samba to disco to the macarena . i think that i just gave away the best part of the film . oh well , that just means that you can go to sleep a little earlier .
[109]	neg	neg	yes	die hard 2 is an altogether unfortunate fiasco , inferior to the original in every respect . place the blame squarely on the shoulders of steven de souza and doug richardson , who wrote the film's pathetic screenplay . every line of dialogue reeks of either smarmy sap or forced humor . the plot is altogether implausible ; the convoluted story line involves a band of terrorists who take over dulles airport and shut down the control tower , leaving a dozen planes stranded in the air waiting to land . the film has zero credibility , and all of the characters come off as cliched , cardboard cut-outs . so much for the script . how about the action ? well , let's put it this way : director renny harlin could learn a few things from john mctiernan , who directed the original , as well as the hunt for red october and predator--all standouts for their hair-raising suspense . by contrast , harlin doesn't have a clue when it comes to choreographing action , and consequently , die hard 2 never picks up steam . die harder is impossible to take seriously even for a minute . in fact , the movie often seems deliberately campy , and it almost reaches the threshold of being so bad it's good . you do laugh , but you laugh at the film , not with it . die hard 2 should have never been cleared for takeoff .
[110]	neg	neg	yes	a crack salesman who is never there for his son . he races from the office to his son's karate game , only to find out he missed it . and his kid distrusts him because he's never around . ( gee , we haven't seen that in a movie before . ) arnold the absentee father becomes convinced that the only way to buy back his son's affection is to get him a turboman doll , which his wife ( rita wilson , who will never be the breadwinner of the hanks household choosing roles like this ) told him to get weeks ago . so arnold sets out to find a turboman , which turns out to be more rare than the tickle me elmo was when jingle all the way came out . let me back up for a minute here -- arnold's kid is totally obsessed with this turboman character , which is unhealthy beyond belief . watches the show , eats the cereal , sleeps on the freakin' turboman sheets . i'd try to discourage any further obsession myself , lest any kid seeing this movie think it's a wonderful thing to con your dad into racing out to buy you any toy you want . but nooooo , the climax of jingle all the way has arnold dressed up as turboman in a parade , exonerating himself of all wrongdoing in the eyes of wife and son , who don't recognize him until the last minute . this is a sad movie all the way through , but it only gets worse after the opening scenes of arnold and mailman sinbad stampeding through a store , racing off to the mall and hooking up with a santa ( jim belushi ) who runs a bootleg toy factory . most painful to watch is a scene at a radio station , where sinbad holds off the cops with a letter bomb after beating up the deejay ( an embarrassed martin mull ) who said he was giving away a turboman doll . capitalism has produced some pretty evil things ( chia pets ) , but this ode to excess and violent consumerism is one of the most shameful . never mind the subplot with perfect neighbor phil hartman trying to seduce wilson while arnold is off shopping ( " your cookies are incredible " ) , it's the main plot of the movie that sends the message that it's okay to do whatever it takes to get your hands on what you want . maybe that's what christmas is like at the schwarzenegger house , but not at mine .
[111]	neg	neg	yes	obviously thrown in just for the sake of hitting the " cool shots " quota . at no point in the movie do any of these things ever come close to being scary -- funny , maybe . but not scary . then we have the set . when i first saw the house , i was very impressed with the very cool gothic look about it . but it only took a short tour by the characters around the place to see that the set designers obviously had as much money to burn as the visual effects people did , and decided to take the idiotically overdone route . this included a flooded hallway with books as stepping stones and a mirrored circular room that revolves . what part did these rooms play in the story ? absolutely none . they were just there to take our minds off the fact that there was neither a descent story nor a single scare in the entire movie . then we have the actors . lili taylor has never been one of my favorites . and when the fact that her character is mousy and pathetic is factored in , she comes in around the average or slightly below mark . i have no idea why liam neeson took this role . he basically reminded me of the ringmaster at an out of control circus . his character was in charge of this farce but it quickly got away from him . i have no doubt that liam will want to lock all prints of this movie in a very secure vault along with all copies of darkman . zeta-jones was cast because she is too hot for words . the fact that her character is bi-sexual is just icing on the cake . all catherine has to do in this movie is look good . fortunately that is something she does very well . while she does have a fairly good size part , it is obvious that her only purpose in the movie was as eye-candy . it's too bad someone of her talents wasted them here . any random supermodel pulled out of a fashion show could have easily filled her role . the haunting is the antithesis of another of 1999's horror movies , the blair witch project . the haunting had a seemingly limitless effects budget , while blair witch relies on piles of rocks for its scares . both prove quite nicely that special effects are irrelevant to a horror film . if the story sucks , it's all downhill from there . my advice ? if you are looking for special effects , go rent star wars . if it's scares you want , rent halloween . either way , it's probably in your best interests to skip the haunting .
[112]	neg	neg	yes	half-way through , when you realize that most of the actors in it suck , the location shots are filmed in dark " junkyard " type areas which they would like to have us believe to be futuristic ( whatever . . . ) , and all the sets look like . . . . well , sets . there is also absolutely no arc to this story . it basically starts off with keanu uploading info into his brain , and then a bunch of folks chasing him from place to place until a laughable ending puts a stop to the former uneventful proceedings . gibson should stick to writing novels and " x-files " episodes , since his segue into the paranormal tv series was much more entertaining than any of this garbage . some other hilarities of this film include dolph lundgren as some futuristic jesus character whose supposed to kick ass , henry rollins as a pumped-up cyber-doctor or something , and ice-t as some kind of a hobo dude with paint all over his face ( don't ask ) . the ending is the funniest with some robot dolphin and a stupid ghost-lady from inside the computer doing some stuff that no one really cares about by that point . i'm ashamed to say this film was shot in my hometown of montreal , canada , but sadly enough for us all , it was . some of the cyber-travelling special effects were okay ( hence , the 2/10 ) , but overall , it's one of those bad movies that's just funny to watch and cringe at . thankfully for keanu , he redeemed his sci-fi career with 1999's the matrix ( 7 . 5/10 ) . it's too bad that he has yet to redeem his lack of acting talent . little known facts about this film and its stars : as of 1999 , director robert longo never directed another full-feature film . hmmm . . . now isn't that odd ? : ) writer william gibson immigrated from the us to canada in 1968 , after being rejected for the draft . he lived in toronto at first , but since 1972 , has made vancouver his home . his 1984 novel " neuromancer " and its sequels 1986's " count zero " and 1988's " mona lisa overdrive " are generally considered to be the definitive works of the " cyberpunk " science-fiction sub-genre . this film garnered keanu reeves a nomination in the " worst actor " category in the 1996 razzie awards .
[113]	neg	neg	yes	confines himself to bemoaning his new partner's eccentric habits , but the chemistry between the two is minimal , and seagal's wooden comebacks make for painful watching . a cook in under seige 2 , seagal is now a buddhist who speaks chinese and wears prayer beads and intricate silk jackets over his normal black ensemble . he chants , refuses to fight unless truly provoked and introduces campbell to powdered deer penis to cure his allergies . again , a benign ( if trite ) plot device except for the fact that these new character traits require seagal to speak more than usual . heck , he has to deliver punchlines and carry a steady conversation with someone other than himself for a large part of the film . is that a lot to ask of the seague ? too much . seagal's best characteristic used to be that he knew his purpose in this already complicated world of movies : to crunchily snap off bad guy appendages , and to do it silently , and alone . not for seagal , the snappy one-liners of arnold and stallone , nor the attempts to show that he can act , much less think . no kindergarten cop , no oscar , just simple , unadulterated deathblows . that's really how it must have started : like-minded fans who knew what they wanted streamed in to watch the seague do his thing , knowing that never in the seagal universe would they ever have to see him do anything else . we trusted him . we got to know him . now , betrayal . i don't know if i can watch another seagal movie without that little niggling doubt that he's going to try to be funny again . i'll try , but it won't be easy . if you haven't watched the glimmer man yet , you might want to wait for the video to come out . it's easier to just fast forward the dialogue parts and linger on the action sequences . after all , if we can't depend on our fantasies , what can we depend on ? the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice . mufti spelenetik is still a steven seagal fan . everybody makes mistakes once in awhile .
[114]	neg	neg	yes	" the 13th warrior " comes at the end of as summer where we've already experienced man eating sharks ( " deep blue sea " ) , man eating crocodiles ( " lake placid " ) and even a man hunting witch ( " the blair witch project " ) . now , " the 13th warrior " presents a tribe of flesh eating men who believe that they are bears . the story , if that's what you want to call it , follows ahmed ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) an arabian poet who falls in love with his king's wife and is banished from his home land . he then travels to the land of the vikings and becomes an ambassador to them . eventually the vikings are called upon to protect the people of the village who are being hunted by the flesh eating men . thirteen warriors are chosen to go on the mission , and as you guessed it , ahmed is chosen as the thirteenth . he's not a warrior , and at first not well accepted by the vikings , but as the movie advances he'll have to prove himself both on and off the battlefield . that's basically the entire plot . there is also a romantic subplot that has been so badly mishandled and , one assumes , drastically cut that you begin to wonder why the filmmakers didn't just edit out all of the scenes attaining to that part of the story . instead they chose to leave just enough of those scenes in to annoy the viewer . the film is basically non- stop action and when it pauses and tries to develop a story it becomes a laughing stock . the battle scenes , although well choreographed , are not involving and not the least bit exciting . we don't get to know any of the characters and so we don't care who lives and who dies . the film , which wants to be beowolf , comes across more as a failed action-adventure story aspiring to epic proportions but not achieving it on any levels . it was directed by john mctiernan who's , " the thomas crown affair " is also playing in theaters currently . and it's not that mctiernan worked simultaneously on both films but that , " the 13th warrior " was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio just waiting for a time to dump it on audiences . it belongs back on the shelf .
[115]	neg	neg	yes	unfathomably insecure , and succumbs so easily to all of shandling's lines and lies that it borders on tragic . there's a point where , after thinking she may not be able to bear children , she learns that she is indeed pregnant . when garry comes home after nearly cheating on her , she strolls into the kitchen and sings " high hopes " ( you know , the uplifting ant and the rubber tree plant song ) to deliver the news , and then says to him , " now you can't leave me . " we're supposed to empathize with shandling's discovery of the feeling of " guilt , " but instead i wanted to weep for bening that she was placing her entire life and soul firmly in the lap of a great big nothing . and eventually , shandling falls in love with her . . . for real , i suppose , though i'm not sure exactly what prompted it . what's the message i derive from all this ? men are liars , inherently empty creatures , but if you hang around long enough . . . well , maybe something will click . ha ha . . . ha ? i'm thankful such broad cynicism isn't frequently allowed to run so rampant . let's all join hands and pray that the planet these folks are from is not this one . there's also a subplot involving john goodman as an airline incident investigator that wades in the bog of stupidity . goodman , through a series of astoundingly implausible realizations , puts together the fact that shandling is a being from another world with a magic , vibrating penis . it has all the makings for a subplot of having shandling be discovered , that , thankfully , never comes to the inevitable hackneyed fruition . instead , it just dangles limply on the branch for a while , withers , and falls away . further proof that goodman should just stick to doing coen brothers movies . but let's not dwell on this any longer , i've already wasted plenty of your time and my own . let's move on , forget about what we've seen here , and get on with our lives . and to help us out , let's end things on a happy note . . . congratuations go out to annette bening , winner of this week's " title ! " award , for delivering the awkward line of dialog containing the movie's name .
[116]	neg	neg	yes	can't believe it took a paragraph to describe the set-up for this gratuitous sequel-the trip is a disaster . not only is it storm season , not only is the desk clerk ( the frighteners' jeffrey combs ) a jerk , not only are the few island residents and our heroic vacationers getting picked off by the resourceful willis one-by-one , but the karaoke machine isn't working properly ! ( you think killing is hard ? try reprogramming a laserdisc so that gloria gaynor's " i will survive " now contains the lyric " i still know what you did last summer ! " ) all is not lost-ray is on his way to save the day , and a helpful witch doctor is saying little prayers for julie and co . this picture is really about breasts : two of them . julie , like a good horror heroine , never does up her shirt to the collar , always wears white in the rain , and keeps sexy underwear on in case of a sudden desire to tan . based on the hormonal charge i got out of the movie , i can't imagine what it was doing to the ten year old boy who sat next to me-he gets jennifer love-hewitt , and my generation got heather langenkamp ! lucky bastard . i didn't like i know what you did last summer and i can't say i liked this continuation any more or less . the pacing in both films is languid-how is it that so much time passes with neither murder nor character development ? i still know what you did last summer has a better sense of humour than the first one , though , and at least it explains away willis's random selection of victims . ( i don't think the hotel maid or the stoner dude had the slightest idea what julie did last summer . ) director cannon ( judge dredd ) is a competent filmmaker but not a particularly imaginative one-if there is a part three ( what on earth would they call it ? ) , and the fun denouement suggests there will be , here's my suggestion : hire a filmmaker with flair , someone who can really energize this stillborn series-someone who won't rely on so many shock notes . and let that person run wild with the camera . ( aside : if blandy [sic] must appear in the next one , try to keep the number of times she says " baby " to a minimum . thanks in advance . )
[117]	neg	neg	yes	we're back in blade runner territory with this one , conceptual artist robert longo's vision of a william gibson-inspired future where information is the commodity to kill for . front and center is johnny ( keanu reeves ) , a " cyber-courier " who smuggles data via a " wet-wired " implant . he's ready to quit the biz and get a portion of his long-term memory restored , but , first , he has to finish one last , dangerous job . . the pressing problem in johnny mnemonic is that keanu reeves seems to have forgotten how to play an action hero since his stint on speed . he's walking wood in a forest of stiffs that includes henry rollins , ice-t , and dina meyer . ( dolph lundgren's street preacher is in an acting category all its own . : - ) without a believable performance between them , all we can do is sit back and watch the atmosphere , which is pretty good in places . the vr sequences are way cool , but the physical fx--such as miniatures and mattes--leave a lot to be desired . watch out for those bad blue-screens ! we wouldn't mind a minute of johnny mnemonic if the action played better . too bad the debut director isn't very strong in this de- partment . his big finale is a sloppy , silly mess that runs twenty minutes too long , which is way past the time that most of our " wet- wired " processors have already shut down . bottom line : yatf ( yet another tortured future ) . skip it .
[118]	neg	neg	yes	on the chuckle level . some gags are just plain pointless , such as roger moore's recurring role as the mysterious chief , who dispenses cryptic , metaphor-heavy advice to clifford . the only reason why i can think anyone would find that funny is the fact that moore once played james bond . ha ha . as weak as the script is , i think there's one insurmountable problem with even attempting to make a spice girls movie , and that is the girls themselves . the point is not that they can't act ( and , for the record , they really _can't_ ) but that their individual personas , which works as a gimmick over the span of a four-minute music video , are too thin to survive outside of the truncated , video bite mtv world . posh ( who garnered the most enthusiastic cheers during the introductions ) comes off best by default because her persona ( rich bitch ) most easily translates into character in a film . baby's persona ( young innocent ) , to a lesser extent , also works , but the remaining girls' identities are a little harder to flesh out . there really isn't much to do with sporty besides having her exercise every so often ( which is _exactly_ what fuller and spiers do ) , and , after all , what exactly entails being " ginger " or " scary " ? apparently , just their wardrobes . spice world manages to pick up some steam in the late going following a flashback performance of the spices' signature hit , " wannabe . " the song is as grating as ever , but the energy of the number gives the proceedings a much-needed shot in the arm , setting the stage for a wave of self-referential humor stemmed from the screenwriters' film ideas ( the film almost mirrors robert altman's the player in the way the film snails into itself ) . this section of the film , involving all manner of derring-do involving a speeding bus , is perhaps its most effective , but it also points up how all the other storylines ( the publisher , the documentary crew ) lack a satisfactory payoff . spice world is harmless entertainment suitable for the entire family , and it will please the spice faithful . but this sloppy enterprise surely won't win them any new fans , which is what the group sorely needs to bolster its rapidly waning girl power in the states . once the hype disappears , spice world will likely serve as the the spices' final hurrah in america .
[119]	neg	neg	yes	) . turns out sharon is actually using her boyfriend so she can kill him , since he killed her parents when she was young . so she calls sly , leaves messages with him , sends him e-mail , etc , about planting a bomb to kill roberts , which sly listens to obsessively , and while he works out naked . yea . also into his life , though again , comes woods , who has been tipped off by stone to catch sly . using the cops , he tries to set up traps , none which really work , so when sly calls him , he goes ballisitic on his ass over the phone , getting so worked up by saying his must-be-improvised speeches that he seems to pop the vein in his head wide open . these are the most exciting scenes in the film , and woods becomes the only ounce of entertainment in the film . the film tries to offer us a moody film noir , except with explosions , but comes up completely snake-eyes . it's just a pretend film noir , making it a big waste of time . and for action buffs , the action scenes are pretty lame , with some really unrealistic-looking special effects ( a penthouse being blown off of a hotel looks like a piece of cardboard falling into a tub ) . then there's the much-discussed sex scene between sly and stone , which are about as mispaired a couple as rachel and ross on " friends . " their sex scene is more nauseating then sexy , because it shows us more of sly than stone . now let's guess who we'd rather see naked , okay ? stone's small but perky breasts , which we've seen more times than harvey keitel's dick , or stallone's veiny ass , which isn't usually shown for a very good reason ? i know i can't really judge it as a flaw of the film , but come on . the worst flaw of the film is this : it's boring . i mean , i was on caffeine when watching it , but my friend fell asleep only to be woken up by james woods ranting . but a good movie does not james woods going nuts make . if you're in for some fun action , rent sly's earlier " demolition man , " which sucks too , but in a much more entertaining fashion . skip this dull film , unless you want to see woods , or make fun of steiger's accent , or see stone's breasts again .
[120]	neg	neg	yes	accomplished actors like craig t . nelson ( as skulls chairman judge litten mandrake ) and william peterson ( as fellow board member senator levritt ) are dealt pathetic villain caricatures , and look suitably embarrassed handling them . and then there's christopher mcdonald , who has the capacity to be a fun , exciting actor . mcdonald's charisma is totally diminished here as he sleepwalks through another perfunctory bad guy role ( yes , pogue makes it a hat-trick ) . i pray it was a `snatch-the-paycheck-and-run' exercise for all these actors . the young troupe of performers involved fair moderately better . let's cut the talented canadian lad joshua jackson some slack for maintaining believability within the confines of his character . paul walker , the strapping quarterback from `varsity blues' , is bland but passable as caleb mandrake - the judge's son . walker preserves a straight face , even when dealt the silliest dialogue in the movie ( `dad , i just killed a guy in the ritual room ! ' ) . some actual spark is generated by leslie bibb , who plays luke's longtime chum chloe , and manages to successfully pull off some convincing dramatics . it really boils down to the actors attempting to puncture the surrounding plastic bubble of absurdity that cages them from minute one . or maybe not minute one , thanks to a decent set-up from director rob cohen , who films early sequences with a sense of atmosphere and style . it makes you wonder why he didn't flee indefinitely from the project , because while enjoyable cheese like `dragonheart' and the moderate stallone thriller `daylight' aren't superior cinema , they belong on the afi top 100 list when compared to this degrading trash . aside from unintentionally humoring the audience , `the skulls' gets little accomplished . the thrills and action are lazy and mechanical . the story is stuffed with ridiculous , formulaic plotting that sheepishly overlooks the cool potential of a secret underground society flick . instead of gaining knowledge about the skulls as an organization , we are thrust into a lame video surveillance conspiracy that has developed barnacles from excessive usage . we've seen it all before , and better . `the skulls' is a feeble little circus of stupidity , so miscalculated that -- while it would serve as a clever pun -- a term like ? boneheaded' seems just too generous .
[121]	neg	neg	yes	sweet-natured delivery of jimmy's hilariously na ? ve narration serves as the backbone for an otherwise flimsy coming-of-age story : jimmy is a bubble boy , a kid born without immunity who could die if he comes in contact with a single germ -- a plight explored more seriously in the john travolta tv movie boy in the plastic bubble and less so on seinfeld . his mom home-schools jimmy , filling his head with wildly twisted conservative propaganda and anti-sexual messages , until he's befriended by chloe ( marley shelton ) , the beautiful girl next door . jimmy falls in love with chloe , but is afraid that his love will literally kill him , as evidenced in a scene when she drunkenly tries to enter his bubble for a kiss . but when chloe decides to marry her high school boyfriend , jimmy builds a bubble suit and embarks on a hijinks-addled cross-country voyage to stop the wedding by professing his love . the offensive bits have little to do with jimmy's rare handicap ( regardless of what the film's protesters would have you believe ) , but instead center on outrageous racial stereotypes , including a screaming chinese strip club owner and a devout east indian hindi . but even if you find stereotype humor funny , it's hard to muster more than a giggle for these shallow gags . they even manage to bungle some potentially great moments with a group of carnival freaks . but a few of the harsh jabs manage to work , especially in the case of kurtz , who very bluntly shows the dark , hypocritical side of the religious right , and a wacky send-up of a cult called " bright 'n shiny , " led by the inimitable fabio . unfortunately , a few giggles can't make bubble boy the riotous , off-the-wall comedy it so desperately wants to be . honestly , it's a mystery how on earth this movie was ever made , and i'm not just saying that because it's so mediocre . how odd for disney to take a gamble on a film with an unknown director starring virtually unknown actors that doesn't seem to appeal to any particular demographic and has the potential to offend so many . and now that the studio is suffering through a very public protest against the film by the parents of real-life bubble boy david philip vetter , maybe disney's wondering the same thing . hope the opening box office take makes it worthwhile .
[122]	neg	neg	yes	vicious . why has he done this , you ask ? because , you see , it is apparently a scientist's job to make things " a little better , " even if that means the death of all mankind . so the batologist , her wisecracking sidekick and the town sheriff ( lou diamond phillips ) have to kill all the bats and save the world . of course , that can't happen before they wallow in some guamo ( bat shit , for the uninitiated ) , get up close and personal with some truly repulsive flying mammals and survive some of the dumbest situations ever seen in a professionally produced motion picture . consider , for example , a scene where two people are in a bat cave . the bats are all sleeping , but the humans are afraid they might wake up before they can get out . what do they do ? do they get the hell out of there as fast as they can ? nope . they stand there for a while , transfixed by the thousands of bats opening their eyes . what keeps bats from being scary or creepy is the hyperactive editing in most of the attack scenes . we don't even get to see what's going on ; the screen becomes a mush because the cuts are so quick . all we know is that bats are attacking . how they are attacking and what exactly is happening remains a mystery . a little technical proficiency does wonders for horror movies , and bats sure could use some . of course , director louis morneau tries to liven things up with some intentional humor , but it is so conventional it doesn't really go anywhere . most of the ocmic relief comes courtesy of the batologist's wisecracking sidekick ( leon ) , who takes every opportunity to sputter ingenious lines like " i hate bats ! " some of these are so bad that they take on a double quality : they may inspire a smirk by their very nature and a roaring laugh because they are so inept . i hate characters who exist for the sole purpose of spouting lame one-liners . playing such characters does not help actors' careers . still , i suppose that if you're looking for a movie that is " so bad it's good , " you could do worse than bats . it does have a tremendous amount of camp value . i'm not " recommending " the movie because , quite frankly , it sucks , and i know that this might convince some people to go out and see it . more power to them .
[123]	neg	neg	yes	role . that is unless you count matt dillon's brother kevin as a hollywood heavy hitter . the other thing that works against this new blob is that special effects technology has improved dramatically since the original . the only things you need now to have great special effects in a movie are deep pockets . it looks as if the produces of the new blob had a couple of holes in their pockets . the special effects in this movie are cheesy , like the original's . unlike the original , they don't look campy , they just look cheap . one bright spot in the movie from a purely sexist point of view is shawnee smith . she is very attractive and can actually act , which is more than i can say about some of her costars . in terms of plot , a little ball of pink goop falls from the sky . seems this goop was an experiment that was being housed up on a satellite . anyway , the pink stuff has a taste for humans . the more people it absorbs , the bigger it gets . and it isn't the friendliest goop on the block either . anyway , it attacks this little town and it's up to the attractive local teenage population to stop it . not really , but that is how it seems . this version attempts to recapture the camp of the original . as i've already said , this new version of the blob comes off more as cheap , badly acted , and badly written than campy . in the years since this film was made none of the cast have gone on to greatness . although , star shawnee smith had a very tiny role in armageddon . the reason that we have never heard of any of them again is quite simple -- they all stunk out loud . although some of the film's smaller roles are filled with some actors that , while not big stars , are doubtless people that you will recognize from their supporting roles in other movies and tv shows . it also appears that the producers of the blob tried to compensate for the lack of a special effects budget by making the scenes in which the blob makes meals of the townsfolk as gory as possible . sadly , it doesn't work very well . if you want to see a big ball of goop terrorize a town , then i would say that you should skip the remake and rent the original . ( although that isn't so hot either . ) this newest version is seriously lacking in any redeeming qualities .
[124]	neg	neg	yes	a curious lack of exploding boobs . weathers is action jackson , a detroit cop known for all sorts of crazy vigilante techniques . speaking of one past criminal apprehension , jackson's superior yells , " you tore his arm off ! " jackson replies , " he had a spare . " jackson has been busted down to a desk job because of past problems with auto manufacturer dellaplane ( craig t . nelson ) and now has to act as department liaison to a dinner honoring nelson . after hearing what jackson thinks of him , stone says , " i take it you're not one of dellaplane's friends . " " not unless they changed the definition , " jackson glowers . and of course it turns out stone is mrs . dellaplane . faux pas , jackson . . . not everything is happy in motown ; people are being killed and dellaplane has evil plans for the awa . it's all up to jackson to stop it , and his only lead lies in vanity ( not his own ) . wherever she left off with prince in terms of exchanging sexual favors for career advancement she picks up in action jackson . she plays the heroin addict and chanteuse in dellaplane's nightclub . after singing one particularly sultry number for him , she saunters over and complains , " i expected a standing ovation . " he responds , " you're getting one , " and it's damn clever because he's sitting down at the time . prince wouldn't even let out an innuendo that lame and he's the king of the horndogs . . . or at least the prince . it's a testament to the '80s that sharon stone is killed off within the first 30 minutes but vanity survives the whole movie . action jackson is another variation on the " unlikely partners " buddy action flick , with jackson lugging junkie vanity around . this leads to some of the worst paired acting of the me decade , and with the dialogue they're given , there's not much room for improvement . my favorite is when vanity , feeling the effects of drug withdrawal , says , " i feel like my teeth are hollow , my gums are made of dry rubber and someone's trying to start a bonfire in the back of my bloody head . " jackson's response is , " i think i felt that way once . they called it love . " you'll understand when i say watch this at your own risk . serving the world for nearly 1/25th of a century !
[125]	neg	neg	yes	tv . it's also one of those pointless , almost plotless movies with hardly any laughs . and , strike three , it pairs mr . t with gary busey . i heard gilbert say d . c . cab had " an all-star cast , " but i'm still hoping there was some degree of facetiousness in that statement . when third-billing goes to a two-minute appearance by famed flashdancer irene cara " as herself , " you can't say a damn thing about all-star casts . likewise for token appearances by marsha " roz " warfield , paul rodriguez and " politically incorrect " host bill maher , before he was somebody . appearing in d . c . cab pretty much had the opposite effect on everyone else , especially irene " i'm gonna live forever " cara . d . c . cab is an ensemble comedy from joel schumacher ( who would go on to direct batman forever ) about a bunch of misfits who drive cabs . you get the feeling if the police academy cadets had made a different career choice , this would be the result , except here you have such interesting characters as the " token white guy " ( busey ) who wants to get in tight with the blacks now before they take over the world , the token jive talker named tyrone ( charlie barnett ) who wears his hair in rollers and uses the word " honkey " as much as possible , the tough guy with the mohawk and gold chains ( mr . t -- a real stretch for him ) , the aspiring musician waiting for his big break ( maher ) , the mexican gigolo ( rodriguez ) , the woman who actually wants to drive cabs for a living ( warfield ) and the guy who wants to own a cab company for a living ( adam baldwin ) . we've all seen dozens of bad comedies from the 80's . some are fun to watch and some are actually funny . this one is more or less neither . you'd think plenty of comedic sparks would fly from the assemblage of talent ( whatever ) , but d . c . cab more or less falls flat on a continual basis , culminating in the usual contrived hollywood finale as baldwin is kidnapped and the other cabbies have to go to rescue him . it's a shame no one was able to rescue this movie from the depths of stale jokes and unoriginality . d . c . cab has rightly earned its position on " usa up all nite . "
[126]	neg	neg	yes	. you're there to watch depp and del toro ingest a lot of chemicals and then laugh at the results : see johnny take drugs , see johnny fall down . there's nothing wrong with this concept , but gilliam tries too hard . this is a frantic movie - all sweaty close-ups , wide-angle lenses , dutch tilts and other-worldly lighting schemes . there are times when gilliam really does put a convincing representation of an acid trip on the screen . but to what end ? much of the dialogue comes verbatim from thompson's book , and there are some priceless comic observations . but you're hard pressed to hear or digest them amidst all the jumbled camera work . this brings us to the performances , which strike me as all wrong . depp plays thompson as groucho marks filtered through george c . scott in patton - a gimmicky performance which works against the biting satire of thompson's dialogue . in between his several puking scenes , del toro fares better as dr . gonzo , but he also mumbles and sputters so many of his lines that their weight is lost . watching these two made me wish that the movie had been made twenty years ago , with dan akroyd and john belushi as the leads - now that would have been something to see . it's interesting to note that alex cox , credited as a co-writer on the screenplay , was originally slated to direct before gilliam took over . as much of a fan as i am of gilliam's work , cox would have been the better choice . sid and nancy , cox's best work , covered essentially the same subject matter , but cox was able to pull back and allow the characters of sid vicious and nancy spungen to carry the film . gilliam commits the compound sin of over-directing his film while being uncertain of his purpose . what kind of movie was he trying to make , anyway ? it doesn't try to be a cautionary tale , and it doesn't work as broad comedy . if he had considered more carefully his purpose , the result would have been a much more interesting film . but i don't want to be too hard on it . there are some truly funny moments , and if you're in a good enough mood you might get a kick out of it . i do , however , recommend watching fear and loathing in las vegas under the influence of your favorite controlled substance - i guarantee it will enhance the effect .
[127]	neg	neg	yes	the best thing about , " lake placid " is that it's only 80 minutes long and when it's over you're glad that you didn't waste more than an hour and a half of your time . it's nothing more than a bad rip-off of , " jaws " ( and i think that's being kind . ) it was written by david e . kelly ( " ally mcbeal " ) as a horror-comedy but fails at both , miserably . i was never scared and i think that i only laughed once . the crocodile even fails in comparison to the snake in , " anaconda . " the plot begins when a man is eaten in half by the giant crocodile in black lake in maine . that brings the local sheriff ( brendan gleeson ) and a fish-and-game warden ( bill pulman ) to investigate . also , a paleontologist ( bridget fonda ) from new york is sent to look at a tooth and an eccentric millionaire/crocodile lover ( oliver platt ) flies in because he wants to swim beside the beast . soon there is tension between everybody because half the people want to kill the croc and the other half want to save it . there's also an eccentric old lady ( betty white ) who lives by the lake and has a few secrets . as i mentioned before kelley and director steve minor ( h20 ) don't go for a serious approach towards the material but they also don't have anything sly or satirical or witty to say either . the betty white character is completely unfunny and none of the other characters are really that interesting , they're all basically idiots . if they had any brains the croc wouldn't have been that much of a challenge to catch and they wouldn't have put themselves in half of the situations that they did . but then again , if they were smart there wouldn't be a movie . basically , " lake placid " is best undiscovered .
[128]	neg	neg	yes	that is , unless you're one of those people who have seen the preview a thousand times on tv or in the theaters . i can tell you one thing now : they gave the entire movie away . why someone would want to base an entire movie on one premise and then give that crucial detail away in the trailers is beyond me . however , if they * hadn't * given it away , the film would've still been suprisingly devoid of suspense given its subject matter . obviously , the producers thought they could remake " the deep end of the ocean , " throw in tommy lee jones and a couple of cliches and call it an action drama . " double jeopardy " offers solid acting from ashley judd and tommy lee jones , who got first billing even though he didn't see to be on screen half as much as judd did . it also offers some genuinely funny , clever , or full-of-tension moments ( my favorite : judd waking up in the coffin ) , but none of that can salvage the film from its insanely predictable plot . half the time i'm wondering whether i'm watching one of those overhyped tv miniseries , which always turn out to be less exciting than advertised . judging by the beginning , end , and a huge chunk of the middle , i might have been watching a special hallmark presentation too . the movie's stretching for an almost two hour long film with only 30 minutes worth of material . implausible material , no less . loose interpretation of one of the amendments aside , too many times in the movie i thought , " that is * not * possible * . " that kind of stuff is excusable in popcorn movies , but not one like " double jeopardy " that tries to pass itself off as serious drama . everything seems dragged out , overplayed . when they should've kept us in the dark , they let the cat out of the bag too early .
[129]	neg	neg	yes	that . there were just too many things in this movie that we've all seen before ; from the inevitable " plot developments " of strangers unwittingly trapped together ; strangers turning against each other ; the evil manifesting itself ; the dead coming back for a last scare . each was more predictable than the last . why didn't these fools just stay together in one place anyways ? sheesh . was i grossed out ? yes . did i get spooked a few times ? yes . but why ? i get really disturbed when there is no why . when there weren't random scares that were there for no other reason than for the visual effect ( which wasn't that good either , trust me ) and the scare , the film was filled with drab , laughable dialogue . the characters were incredibly flat and cliched . not to mention downright annoying . you've got a bunch of people going nowhere in their lives ; of course they're dumb enough to go to a party some stranger invited them to provided they win a million dollars if they survive the night . jeez , i thought no one fell for those " you may already be a winner " things anymore . and of course , all three gals are babes . i wonder how on earth the geoffrey rush of " shine " ended up in this movie . keep that up , geoff , and you'll qualify for the next batman venture . the only single person i enjoyed was chris kattan because , well , he just cracks me up . and famke jansen ( sp ? ) because she reminds me of the delectable brosnan . pierce brosnan ( hey , i willingly endured " dante's peak " three times for him : ) . all right , i concede . there were a couple of things i enjoyed . that perverted little amusement park at the beginning . i probably won't ride a rollercoaster for a while . and the machine they used to drive geoffrey's character mad ( see , i don't even remember their names ) . the machine , not that stupid fishtank with naked wimmin in it . i kept waiting and waiting for that inevitable twist at the end of the movie . it wouldn't have redeemed the film , but at least it would have made me feel better . but no , they opted for the beautiful sunrise ending . thank god they didn't add a kiss at the end or i would have puked . god , there is no hope .
[130]	neg	neg	yes	director andrew davis reworks his fugitive formula and the results are about as exciting as his last film-- the dreadful comedy steal big , steal little-- was funny . keanu " i'd rather play music than play another action hero " reeves is the grad student on the run , who , along with his superfluous sidekick ( rachel weisz ) , has been framed for a sabotaged science experiment that vaporized eight chicago city blocks . ( the mushroom-cloud explosion is a knock-out and easily the best part of the movie . or , as one audience member succinctly summed it up : " whoa . " ) false information implicates their involvement and boy and girl are soon on the run , fleeing over open drawbridges , across icy lakes , and through the corridors of power at a top-secret , underground energy facility . aiding and abetting is the team's shady mentor , played in an excellent-but-so- what performance by morgan freeman . ( brit brian cox is also about , as the behind-the-scenes bad guy . he has some fun fiddling with a southern accent . ) unfunny , overscored , and without a single shred of suspense , chain reaction is * the * summer movie to walk out on . if you make it to the end , a mess of cross-cutting involving another imminent explosion , you'll hear somebody say " i guess it's time to go . " heed that warning .
[131]	neg	neg	yes	watch . i liked , for example , a very funny climactic sequence where gloria is deciding whether to leave the school she has left the boy at , and keeps turning the car around , then driving a little ways , then slamming on the brakes and turning around again . these bright moments , however , appear long and far between , and the majority of the film deals with the budding relationship between nicky and gloria , which is both painfully predictable and by-the-numbers . throughout , my mind was repeatedly asking the question , " who really cares ? " as gloria , sharon stone has adopted an over-the-top brooklyn accent that honestly doesn't sound realistic at all . in the beginning , in fact , i was amazed at how amateurish stone's performance was , but as the film progressed she got better . although not one of her better turns , stone does have a comic flare that refuses to be ignored . jean-luke figeroa was fine as nicky and a little more natural than the usual child actors who are so precocious they make you want to gag . all other actors who appeared were considerably wasted , none more than cathy moriarty , an entertaining actress in her own right , who is billed fourth and has all of one scene , as gloria's friend whom she turns to for help . sony , the studio that released " gloria , " obviously does not have any faith in the film , and i don't blame them . they declined to screen the picture for critics , which is never a good sign , particularly with the high-profile people involved . although how much money a movie makes does not determine how good it is ( just look at the spectacular " in dreams , " which failed to even make the top 10 last week ) , i have a suspicion " gloria " is going to vanish from theaters faster than " ishtar , " judging from the opening night 7 : 00 p . m . showing i saw it at , where there were about ten to fifteen people present , counting myself . although stone can be an impressive actress ( just watch her in 1995's " casino " or 1996's " last dance " if you don't believe me ) and sidney lumet can be a respectable director , there is no reasoning for why they thought the cliched story of " gloria " was worth remaking or , for that matter , why columbia pictures agreed to finance it when they could have been making a picture that actually looked like it might have an inkling of a chance to be successful .
[132]	neg	neg	yes	than that they both happen to be standing next to each other ? ? ? alas , if it could only be that easy ? ? ? kidding of course ) , then , not only isn't it erotic , it isn't real . it doesn't feel like an authentic sexual encounter . every f * * k scene in this film ( and there are many ) is treated in the same unsexy manner . body shots makes fornication dirtier than the most scummy porno film . it shows us none of the pleasure that should go along with it , and most of all , it fails to show us why its characters love making it so much if they seem to hate the act of actually doing it . the resulting search for nookie ( and you can take that cookie ? ? ? ) over one night leaves us with several tedious plot lines to follow . the main concern is much ado over a rape that may or may not have occurred . the film shows us two separate versions of the possible rape ( one where it is consensual the other where it is not ) and in both versions the young actress playing the possible victim gets her shirt torn off . this is a topic that could be interestingly explored if done intelligently , and if memory serves me i can't think of one film that has done so , and yes i saw the accused which may be one of the most overrated movies of the 80's next to wall street . unfortunately nobody gives us reason to care , not the writer , the director or the actors nearly all of whom seem to have wandered off the set of a noxious 90210 spin off . paul thomas anderson approached boogie nights in a manner similar to what cristoffer does here , though boogie nights succeeded . it was similarly moralistic , but it gave us two different viewpoints ; it showed us how the lifestyle of porn enticed its characters , and it showed us the possible fall-out of such a decision . the characters in boogie nights were as idiotic as the characters are here , but anderson seemed to care about them . he gave them heart . cristoffer gives them nothing but raging hormones . he preaches to us , by using his characters to preach to us . this is not the way to get any message across . why not just direct a public service announcement on the perils of hittin' skins ? cristofer kind of does that , though without an ounce of insight , and with a helping of leering exploitation .
[133]	neg	neg	yes	goldberg/ted danson references -- all show up multiple times with all the subtlety that is eszterhas' stock-in-trade . the reduncancy even manages to turn actively offensive with some frequency , notably with the hilarious use of the word " feminist " as an identifying caption for every single female character in the film . by the time coolio and chuck d show up as black independent film-makers the brothers brothers ( cleverly identified as " bad a-- " and " badder a-- " , among other unprintable things ) , you may be ready to walk out of the theater with your coat over your head to avoid being identified . those documentary captions , for all their leaden obviousness , allow the best insight into what's so hideously wrong with burn hollywood burn . not content to stick any hollywood type with only one jab from his rapier wit , eszterhas fills the screen with bullet points every time a new character appears . the producer is a " liar " who " slept in the white house ; " the media are " maggots " and " leeches " working for publications like " the new york slimes " and " newsleak " ( with the camera zooming in on the altered title to make sure you don't miss the joke ) . it doesn't even matter that eszterhas tags " penile implant " after his own name when he makes a cameo , because it seems like such a desperate attempt to feign self-deprecation . this is a petulant schoolboy's idea of satire -- pictures of hollywood insiders to which eszterhas has taken a pen to draw little moustaches and black out the teeth . the last stomach-churning straw comes when burn hollywood burn closes with out-takes over the closing credits , the kind that show the audience how much fun everyone was having making the film that just sucked an hour and a half of your life away . perhaps it was just a final , desperate attempt by eszterhas to convince himself there was some purpose behind the film , or to convince everyone involved that a few blown lines warranted threatening to blow their whole career . pity everyone involved with this excessive , ego-driven " satire " of excess and ego . it's too bad that only directors can remove their names from noxious material like this . otherwise , you might have seen credits for burn hollywood burn overflowing with alan smithees .
[134]	neg	neg	yes	birthday party in a drunken stupor , are effective because of the realism ryan brings to the situations . diane keaton , as georgia , is better as an actress than a director here , but that is a wildly feeble compliment . what is more than a little far-fetched is that keaton is distinctly older than ryan and kudrow , although in the very brief glimpses we get at them as children , she is no more than five years ryan's senior . yeah , right . lastly , poor lisa kudrow has been wasted once again in a big-screen venture , after her even more thin role in 1999's " analyze this . " kudrow isn't given enough time to create a full personality with maddy , so it isn't her fault she doesn't register until a few quiet moments sprinkled throughout where she is actually blessed with being given dialogue . if anything , though , kudrow is a real talent , and i anxiously await the next time she is given a role more deserving of her time , as in her brilliantly nuanced , oscar-caliber work in 1998's " the opposite of sex . " if you are a fan of kudrow's ( and who isn't ? ) , do yourself a favor and rent this gem that puts more good use to kudrow in sixty seconds than " hanging up " does in its entirety . as eve's hardworking husband , adam arkin is , predictably , squandered with a role that gives him next to nothing to do , until a subplot reveals itself midway through , only to never be mentioned again . cloris leachman , as with ryan and matthau , makes a small , but noticeable impression with her , albeit , very brief appearance , while edie mcclurg , as a rosy-cheeked woman lou had an affair with in the christmas 1988 flashback , manages one of the few laughs in this otherwise joyless production . nearly all the emotions displayed within " hanging up " are patently manufactured , and despite the movie wanting the viewer to care about the characters , aside from eve , why would you want to when they are all spoiled brats ? if , for some bizarre , " twilight zone " -type of reason , you find yourself in a movie theater showing this film , my suggestion would be to hang up on it before the opening credits are over . saying it is a waste of time is an understatement of epic proportions .
[135]	neg	neg	yes	bad movie solely because of its ending ( something i've fallen victim to in the past ) was eliminated . and indeed , my viewing of the sixth sense did prove to be quite an enlightening experiment . stripped of the element of surprise , the film was put to the task of showing what it really had , instead of simply hiding behind a shocking conclusion . after seeing its true colors , i came to the conclusion that the sixth sense is , despite what the many champions of the movie may say , void of any real power . it's a neat concept , but not one that justifies being made into a feature-length movie . in fact , the sixth sense relies so strongly on its finale that the rest of the film develops as a sort of prelude to the supposedly earth-shattering revelation that is yet to come . and when the final moments do come , it's a huge letdown ; the end makes no sense at all . it stupefied me with the heights of its ineptitude and is completely idiotic on a fundamental and very rare level . i won't go into any details , but suffice to say that , as far as i can tell , it negates to rest of the movie to such an extent that anyone who buys it even for a second must be suffering from a very acute case of attention deficit disorder . now , in all fairness , i cannot say for sure that i would have guessed the ending ( however stupid it may be ) had it not been revealed to me before hand . however , i feel very confident that i , as well as anyone who had seen a few " twilight zone " episodes , would have seen it coming a mile away . the fact that movie-goers nation wide are surprised by the ending still has me stumped . ironically , to fully appreciate the best scene ( that of cole and malcolm attending a little girl's funeral ) , the viewer is required to be aware of a very rare psychological disorder called munchausen syndrome by proxy . i wouldn't have even known about this mental disease if i hadn't , by pure dumb luck , caught " dateline nbc " the other week when they did a feature story on it . despite being blessed with some really amazing cinematography and a brauva performance from osment ( where was this kid when casting calls were going out for the phantom menace ? ) , in the end , the sixth sense is too chalk-full of contradictions and just isn't plausible enough to warrant even a slight recommendation .
[136]	neg	neg	yes	last great film , the untouchables , was crafted over a decade ago seems to have lost his magic . in snake eyes , he manages to elicit some of the worst performances possible out of a skilled cast . only gary sinise rises slightly above the hackneyed material . the rest of the actors become caricatures in this by-the-numbers thriller . ryuichi sakamoto's atmospheric and melodramatic music dominates almost every scene . heavy on the long violin notes , its rhythm is punctuated by thunder . ( the script by de palma and lost world's david koepp sets the action during a hurricane in an attempt to pump up the adrenaline level and the noise . only the latter is achieved . ) cage plays rick santoro , a corrupt atlantic city cop who shakes down criminals to get betting money . the movie takes place over a single evening when a world championship fight is being held . with a flashy , bad wardrobe and a gold cell phone , rick is an obnoxious cop who doesn't know when to shut up . spouting cliched and ridiculous dialog , he screams such lines as , " i was made for the sewer , baby ! " actually the line is more apropos for the movie as a whole . sinise plays kevin dunne , a naval officer who is in charge of the security for the secretary of the navy , who has come to watch the fight . but most people in the film are not who they seem to be , and the thin script makes all of them easy to guess . the plot , which is told in endless flashbacks , concerns the assassination of the secretary through a scheme set up by some malevolent businessmen ? that adjective is , of course , redundant in hollywood thrillers . the flashbacks become repetitious with the same scene shown again and again , sometimes from a different perspective and sometimes not . although a brian de palma film requires a certain amount of gratuitous violence , this one is remarkably tame for the man who became famous when he made carrie . the movie's outline has some promise , but the movie itself is leaden . the film takes itself all too seriously . at best , it is a 1940s-style b movie . a little humor would have helped the script some , but a complete rewrite would have been better . and , although i hate to say it , a different director would have been the biggest improvement . snake eyes runs 1 : 39 . it is rated r for violence and would be acceptable for teenagers .
[137]	neg	neg	yes	. once there , rimbaud is disappointed in the bourgeoisie household , has an immediate conflict with verlaine's busty 18-year-old wife mathilde ( romane ) , and finds to his regret that the drunken verlaine loves his rich wife for her body and that he lives off her family's money , even though he has nothing else in common with her . when verlaine states , " poets can learn from one another , " rimbaud replies in a haughty tone , " only if they're bad poets . " he will continue to treat the older poet like dirt for the rest of their relationship . verlaine proves to be weak-willed , beating his wife regularly , and plays just as despicable a character as rimbaud . when mathilde's father kicks rimbaud out of the house , verlaine finds him in a rooming house and the two become lovers . it's a real downer to watch this story unfold into a series of obnoxious behavior patterns on the part of the two poets , which leads them to traveling together and mathilde asking for a divorce . in brussels , verlaine gets arrested for sodomy and spends two years in jail . while rimbaud becomes angered at the literary world and never writes another poem after he becomes 19 . he instead goes to north africa and becomes an adventurer and a gun-runner , and after ten years there , comes home with a tumor on his knee and dies a changed man at the age of 37 . the hopeless relationship between the two is what the picture covers in detail and that was not very satisfying . the film ends on a whimper . . . with verlaine talking with rimbaud's sister about her brother and the poems of his he still possesses , which the sister wants destroyed so as not to embarrass the family or ruin the name of her deceased brother if published . this film was especially annoying because rimbaud's poems are filled with a visionary tenseness that are not even approached in this film , as the film only manages to skim the surface of the lives of these poets and completely ignores the value of their poetry . i have no idea what the filmmaker was trying to say in this film , but whatever it was , it just didn't work . it certainly didn't bring any light into understanding what rimbaud meant to modern poetry and why he earned the reputation as the so-called father of modern poetry .
[138]	neg	neg	yes	it is his first attempt at directing . he manages to create an incredible atmosphere and directs with a firm precision . unfortunately he completely forgot about character- and story developments . his latest picture is therefore visually impressive , but intellectually hollow . the love story between han ( jet li ) and trish ( aalyah ) , and the mafia intrigues are undeveloped and simplified . jet li is one of the most amazing fighters to ever hit the silver screen and aalyah has a magical voice . their achievement save this film from being completely braindead , but they are not actors , and therefore can not act . they are nothing more than two celebrities put together . the other actors , including isaiah washington , russell wong , henry o and dmx all give the standard mediocre performances . delroy lindo is the only one that projects a coherent image of reality . but there's more than acting to worry about . even with li's incredible skills in martial arts , the action scenes ( though technically excellent ) are too long and story updates simply embarrassing . to make a long story short : 'romeo must die' is not intelligent enough to be a thriller , not sensual enough to be a love story and too serious to be a fun action film . it is certain that bartkowiak would be much better off with o this embarrassing and completely unnecessary parallel to 'romeo and juliet' , so the film is completely stuck - not sure of what to be . and in the end it's nothing . there are no performances worthy of notice , no interesting character- or story surprises . so again , the only good thing about it is its technical achievement . this film can boast of great sound , fast paced editing , solid cinematography and some very well coordinated action sequences . the music is another factor that prevents you from leaving the theatre . it is mostly provided by aalyah's enchanting voice and several carefully inserted rap songs by various artists , that create a kind of 'ghetto feel' to it . but when i think back , it's not much i remember from this 'production' . as in almost every summer movie , there are some interesting scenes , but most of the moments that i remember are associated with massive special effects . it is not a film that will get any attention for its artistic qualities , simply because it doesn't have any . for someone who has never read shakespeare , it's another popcorn film . for those of us who has , it's a waste of money , time and brain cells .
[139]	neg	neg	yes	, a reformed drug addict who is also the first officer , for some reason ( james spader ) is forced to take command . the ship picks up a distress call from a nearby planet and , on arrival , picks up one survivor from an apparent accident in an abandoned mining colony . one of the crew members ( angela bassett ) knows this passenger , who is played by peter facinelli , and has some bad feelings about it -- and we all know what that means . this intergalactic hitchhiker is carrying some mysterious cargo -- a jellylike substance the purpose of which is unknown , though it seems to bring some form of pleasure to whoever touches it . another one of the crew members experiences this first hand ; after spending a few minutes partially inside this glob of goo , he does some impressive handstand pushups . evidently , touching this enigmatic egg-shaped thingie makes you younger and stronger . how ? why ? the movie never bothers to explain . soon enough though , spader and bassett are running around the ship like mad , being chased by the all-of-a-sudden-superhuman facinelli . to be honest , i don't even remember exactly why . i just remember that i didn't care . supernova's plot suggested some more or less interesting ideas , such as the ball of goo being an intergalactic time bomb , but they are all dropped before they have a chance to develop into anything truly intriguing . in fact , everything is dropped just so the actors can have some fun running around what looks like an elaborate set . well , the effects are good , though there's hardly a studio movie with bad special effects these days so i'm not sure whether that's so remarkable an accomplishment . the performances are hardly worth talking about . i'm not even sure i can call what's here " performances , " though angela bassett sure is good at giving people the finger . james spader is not a bad actor , but he proves to be one of the blandest action stars i've seen in a while , mostly because he isn't given a character with a personality . the action scenes are just as bland , since they're pretty much just rehashes of action elements that weren't particularly entertaining the first time around . and since the action scenes are everything to this movie , it's pretty much dead in the water . and for the life of me , i can't figure out why it's called supernova .
[140]	neg	neg	yes	" idle hands " is distasteful , crass and derivative . if an original thought found its way into this horror-comedy it would die of loneliness . plus , you have to question the judgment and sensitivity of studio executives who would green light the release of a movie dealing with the slaughter of innocent teen-agers the week after the tragedy in littleton , colo . the movie is insulting to horror film fans and teen-agers . the plot , what little there is , deals with anton ( devon sawa ) , a high-school slacker who's hand goes on a murderous rampage after becoming possessed . along the way the hand kills anton's parents and his two best friends . the friends , also slackers , are so lazy that they return from the dead because the walk into the light was too far for them . that is the level of this's atrocity's humor . the movie treats death as a joke . " idle hands " is gruesome and morbid . the performances are stereotypical and cartoonish . i realize this is supposed to pass for comedy , but recent events have surpassed what is on the screen . it is not the fault of the filmmakers that real life has overtaken reel life . and i can only presume that the writers of " idle hands , " terri hughes and ron milbauer , were trying to make some statement about today's young people and their values in a satiric vein . however , it's hard to laugh at death these days , especially ones involving young people . with the real horrors of the world put before us on television , a stale pastry such as " idle hands " should be held from release for a few weeks or months to give us time to catch our collective breaths . " idle hands " is bad , no matter the circumstances in the world outside . but the context of recent events only heightens its shortcomings . the time is not right for this type of movie . and as far as " idle hands " goes , the time may never be right . this is a movie that shoud be consigned to the trash bin of cinema .
[141]	neg	neg	yes	janeane garofolo , and he does a great slow burn . paul reiser really has only one character , his slightly befuddled , uptight nice guy " mad about you " persona , but he does it well . as a personality , he is appealing , but as a character , he becomes pretty boring here . matthew modine , is , quite simply , terrible . this isn't a performance good enough to be called mailed-in ; he even forgot to put a stamp on it . modine lacks any charm in an appallingly under-written role , looks bored most of the time , and gets stuck with a trite little speech about how it's all his father's fault he's such a cad . carolco's executives , whose entire future is resting on modine's bankability for the upcoming cutthroat island , must be sweating buckets right now . bye bye love basically comes off as a very confused movie , because it spends far too much of its time on the new relationships of its main characters instead of on the relationships between the fathers and their kids , making it just another " dating in the 90s " movie . when the movie does deal with the children at all , it is to have one of them scream out an accusation and/or cry , perhaps to be resolved later by a sensitive talk and a hug , perhaps not . even more confusing is a sub-plot featuring the late ed flanders as a widower who goes to work and a mcdonald's and befriends a troubled youth . it is a sad end to flanders' career , getting caught up in a truly annoying over-use of mcdonald's as a location , a plot device and , apparently , a major advertiser . even if bye bye love had decided to spend its time focusing exclusively on the parent-child relationships , it still would have been pretty difficult to pull off , because ultimately there is very little humor one can wring from family break-ups and their effects on children . any way you slice it , it is a bad situation for kids , and the makers of bye bye love mostly go for the heartstrings when dealing with the single parenting issue . it is left to the dads' romantic fumblings to probide what little humor there is , and it isn't enough . there have been comparisons between bye bye love and parenthood , but parenthood was both genuinely funny and genuinely touching . bye bye love is a genuine shame .
[142]	neg	neg	yes	puts on a beard and tries to blend in with the amish community , or when suaku straitlaced ishmael takes on smoking , striptease and unchristian neighbour-socking . now , don't get me wrong , there's nothing wrong with cheap humour , and i had my fair share of lavatorial laughs with woody and randy . the trouble is that these jokes aren't bold or funny enough to drive a movie that bumbles along without much sense of direction . it lurches from sports movie to amish-mocking to road-trip to sentimental melodrama , ( pausing for a broadside spoof of indecent proposal , and many shameless plugs for the accompanying pop soundtrack ) , never quite getting it all together . some gags fall flat from a lack of build-up , while there are bits and pieces in the movie that simply don't do anything . why the long , unfunny fight in the car park ? why two of these ? why does that guy wear mascara , or that guy have a glass bowling ball with a rose in it ? the film is full of these half-thought-through ideas that give the impression of any old gaffer , grip or makeup artist throwing in random stuff and saying , " wouldn't that be funny ? " . well , no , actually . the actors don't do the movie much favours either . woody harrelson comes off okay , plausibly acting dumb , smart , cynical or innocent when the implausible script calls for it , but randy quaid is a ceaseless ham , and vanessa angel has no talent ( like schwarzenegger , she seems more convincing playing a computer-creation than a human -- take the tv series weird science . . . please ) . even murray hams it up when he reappears in the movie's climax . all in all , a fairly useless attempt at comedy , and a certified no-hoper at kickstarting the bowling renaissance . we'll have to look to a reinspired john waters , or perhaps somebody from down under ( " strictly bowling " , anyone ? ) for the definitive bowling comedy . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[143]	neg	neg	yes	starring kiefer sutherland ; reese witherspoon & bokeem woodbine i used to think that the conversation was the worse film i had ever seen . freeway is giving me second thoughts . freeway is a modern retelling of little red riding hood . only in the nineties , little red riding hood is a foul-mouthed juvenile delinquent played by reese witherspoon , and the big bad wolf is a serial killer ( keifer sutherland ) . to top that pathetic premise off -- reese goes to visit granny and you'll never guess who's waiting under the cover's in granny's bed . keifer sutherland is one of hollywoods most talented , yet underrated actors , and reese witherspoon is exceptionally talented and will most likely become a major star . so what are they doing in this movie ? after seeing the end result , undoubtedly they are both asking themselves the same question . you might be asking yourself why this is such a short review . the answer is quite simple -- i dont want to waste any more of my time writing or thinking about this movie than absolutely necessary . i wasted enough of my time just sitting through it . note to keifer : you wonder why you aren't a bigger star in hollywood ? because you keep making movies like this . note to reese : you were great in fear , what happened this time ? note to both : don't worry about it too much , no one saw this movie anyway . bottom line -- i'm still shaking my head . don't waste your time on this turkey . if you want to see a great keifer sutherland movie , go rent flatliners or young guns . reese witherspoon's abundant acting talents are used to their full potential in fear , a great thriller . do yourself a favor and rent one of these movies -- but stay as far away from freeway as you possibly can .
[144]	neg	neg	yes	i had the displeasure of wasting time on : the insipidly awful generation x ( a huge disappointment considering the comic book's terrific two-year beginning ) . but , i digress . despite its limited appeal , blade squad has a lot of kinks to work out if the movie is to become a tv series . one , it suffers from mtv syndrome : a lot of quick shots and weird angles continuously jar the viewer's senses while a near nonstop generic rock soundtrack blares incessantly in the background . oh yeah , dylan's " knockin' on heaven's door " and bowie's " i'm afraid of americans " are used here , in rather poor taste . two , blade squad needs a new crew for the sound . the substandard sound editing irritated me to no end . characters' dialogue , at times , sounded choppy and unintelligible . during one important scene , a song played loudly in the background . when a character spoke , the song's volume dropped but did not disappear . as soon as that character finished speaking , the song's volume immediately returned to its original level until the next character spoke . this sounds trivial , i'm sure , but it distracted me immensely . finally , this is commercial television . foul language is not allowed , typically , on commercial television . thus , don't use foul language in a made-for-tv production because that foul language has to be censored in some manner . in an early scene of the film , for example , the lead good guy and bad guy have a minor confrontation in the streets . when the good guy spouts out a bad word , a driver conveniently honks his car's horn off-screen to muffle the word out . in a " seinfeld " episode , this technique proved funny ; here , it seemed goofy and cut the dramatic tension considerably . perhaps future writers , if a show is spun out of the movie , could take a cue from marvel comics' 2099 series of comics . make up a bunch of new bad words for the future . this way , you don't need a bunch of honking horns or other silly devices to cover up foul language . compared to the usual crap broadcast tv networks have to offer in terms of movies , blade squad is a suitable exercise in camp . when compared to , say , a movie studio film , blade squad has a lot in common with a term which shares its initials : bs . ( review written august 12 , 1998 )
[145]	neg	pos	no	movie stay on your mind . these are the sorts of questions that occupy our time . even when we push them to the background , however we resolve these questions influences everything we do . the performances are all superb in hurlyburly . i haven't seen sean penn in much before ( in fact , i can't remember seeing him in anything ) , but he is brilliant in this . eddie isn't a likeable character , but sean penn makes him understandable . i don't want to be his friend but i'd like to help him . chazz palminteri is also great as phil , making him an awful person . i'd never want to know phil but still i understand why eddie wants to be his friend . everyone in this film nails their performances , making this world real . it's a nasty world ; it's a sexist world . unlike shakespeare in love which is unfailingly politically correct , hurlyburly is a man's world , seen unapologetically through the eyes of men . i find this fascinating and on two counts , depressing . first , it's depressing that such a world exists . a large part of hurlyburly's success is that it convinces me that such people are real and that this sort of environment exists every day in hollywood ; that there are a large number of men out there who believe women to be completely peripheral to their world , toys , playthings . sure , everyone is background to everyone else but in this world , women are a long way in the background . second , these are the movies that are being made : stories about men's world . where are the stories about women's world ? not the soap operas and the " chick flicks " that are meant to satisfy women , but the real stories that touch on the essence of life like hurlyburly does for men . hurlyburly is based on a stage play and that is evident from the moment the film starts . it's very talkative , intelligent and static . while this can make the film drag a bit , and people sometimes sound like they're quoting textbooks , mostly this is a good thing . not all films have to be filled with special effects and sweeping panoramas . not all films have to underestimate the intelligence of their audience . all it means is that hurlyburly is probably just as effective on video as it is on the large screen . it also means that you have to pay attention .
[146]	neg	neg	yes	in every kevin smith film jay and silent bob were a clever pair of human running gags . they were sort of the modern equivalents of naunton wayne and basil radford , the comic duo who showed up satirizing the english middle class in several good british post-war films including dead of night , the lady vanishes , and passport to pimlico . jay and silent bob were originally supposedly typical generation x stoners . as the series wore on they had larger and larger parts . in jay and silent bob strike back they are the leads . jay and silent bob ( played by jason mewes and kevin smith ) are chased away from the front of the convenience store where they were dealing drugs in clerks . this leaves them at loose ends . they are not sure what would be worthwhile to do with their lives when they hear that a comic book with characters visually modeled on them will be adapted into a movie . they decide to devote their lives to wrecking the movie or getting some of that big movie industry cash . so it is off to hollywood to shake down the movie company and having adventures along the way . the film is mostly about their adventures on the road and when they get to hollywood the problem with this comedy team is that neither really pulls his weight to make the film funny . silent bob , being silent , can only contribute to the comedy by reacting with that very expressive face of his . this makes his piece of the comedy even less than a straight man like a dean martin or bud abbott would have . jay has to be the comic . he could carry the load for both if he were extremely inventive . the problem is that he is not sufficiently funny . he is too bland to be the comic half and his lines just do not show any comic flair . so jay and silent bob are a long way from being a successful comic team . their starring roles and the low humor make this a comedy for those young at mind and for people who can laugh at gags they have seen before--sometimes just minutes before . like dogma before it , but definitely not like chasing amy , this film feels more like an amateurish skit than a real movie . certainly neither the plot nor the characters are at all involving . they are excuses for gags , many of which still fall flat . it is dogma without any of the humorous theological content . the film does not offer much to an adult audience . i rate it 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[147]	neg	neg	yes	wife ( mary mccormack ) , like the judge , understood that there was more to life than hockey . but unlike him she has come to accept the skewed view of the community . she chose the town and her husband with her eyes wide open . her unique insight is verbalized once , and it lasts only a scene before it is gone , but her performance carries the hint of some deeper wisdom . mysterty , alaska follows a handful of other characters , but none are well developed or worth mentioning . the biggest problem with this movie is that there is no real heart to the story , no underlying thing that the movie is really about . instead , roach and screenwriters david e . kelley and sean o'byrne try to cram the entire human condition into this sports comedy . they try to make you laugh and cry , to feel outrage and pride . they present the framing and cadence for jokes , but there's nothing truly funny . they show appropriately staged scenes of sadness , but they give you nothing to be really sad about . as columnist molly ivins would say , it's all hat , no cattle . the perfect opportunity arises for roach to say what this movie is really about . there is a funeral scene , played with appropriate gravity and somber music . it is a chance for the characters to reflect on their lives and decide what's truly important . russell crowe steps forward to speak , about to spell out the movie's metaphor for us . he says that what really matters in life is " community . . . . " then adds " and hockey . " i guess these mysterians really are as shallow as they appear . only mildly bad , mystery , alaska probably deserves 2 stars . i even laughed out loud , genuine laughs in places . but i docked it an extra half star when mike myers , a friend of roach , turned up in a role that didn't suit him . myers is a comic character actor . he puts on masks , becomes an outrageous caricature , and is funny . he's great as austin powers , dr . evil , or any of his scottish characters . nobody else in mysterty , alaska is a comic caricature . all the other people have the feel of dramatic characters in semi-serious roles . for roach to bring in myers for a few cheap laughs shows incredible contempt toward the rest of his cast , toward his audience , and indeed toward the film itself . it's an acknowledgment by the director that the film is not worth taking seriously .
[148]	neg	neg	yes	even know she's alive . aware of mccoy's bank robbing expertise , sniveling bad guy jack schmidt ( terence stamp ) uses the same six-year old to coerce mccoy into returning to her past . he wants mccoy to pull off an elaborate heist of 18+ million dollars at the same bank she got caught trying to rob six years earlier , which , by the way , is somehow due to schmidt . and if she refuses ? who knows what he'll do to the kid . ( cue sinister laughter ) this movie is so pathetically pitiful that it's hard to know where to begin . the aforementioned cliches are brutally abundant . i can't stress enough how every single element , whether it be a character , the dialogue , a plot " twist " , etc . , is so damn generic that you'll wonder if * anyone * is working behind the scenes , let alone in front of the camera . basinger is absolutely vacant . and where do they get off trying to make us emotionally attached to her ? here's someone that spent their time robbing banks , and now as she heads onto the street , we're supposed to feel sorry for her . as she confronts her son , who doesn't even know who she is , are we supposed to break into tears ? ? especially when neither basinger nor zach english , who plays the kid , has any depth or emotional-radiance whatsoever . i suppose i should mention val kilmer . yeah , that's right - he's in it ! quite sadly too , seeing as how i can discuss everything about the movie and never mention his name . and he got second billing ! to be fair , i will admit that kilmer had potential in his role as the bumbling criminal wannabe j . t . barker . unfortunately the script doesn't allow much room for improvement , and when his character is used like bookends ( he never shows up in the middle of the film ! ) , we have no time to appreciate what he might have brought to this project . the real mccoy just can't keep it's head above water , and soon , * very * soon , sinks into a cliched mess of movie . the actors are like dummies being moved about by an unenthusiastic puppeteer , and the dialogue , particularly schmidt's trite dialogue , falls like the niagra . this is definitely one to avoid , folks . the real mccoy is anything but !
[149]	neg	neg	yes	the common bond of being dateless . paul has just broken up with long time steady ellie ( janeane garofalo ) and is starting to come to terms with his loss when lucy informs him that ellie had been sleeping around during their relationship . however , the only complexity to these two characters is that they seem to want to be more than friends , and that is reiterated when they attempt sexual intercourse in a bathroom stall on more than one occasion during this strange evening . finally , there are the two worst performances and worst sub-plot of the film . jack ( jay mohr ) and cindy ( kate hudson ) have been going out for a short period of time and jack just learned that he took cindy's virginity the night before . while she attempts to play this down and be her usual self , he is a predictably self loathing male as he attempts to deal with a string of one night stands that includes the recently deflowered cindy . very often , when a film is as putrid as this production , there will at least be a decent quality of film making to reveal an occasional moment of glory . however , this film has neither the quality of cinematography nor the moments of glory to be highlighted . instead , what you get is a collection of rough and inconsistent cuts , bad continuity and inaccuracies . first , and most noticeable is that as the film goes from one subplot to another , there is no apparent order that it follows , and it is also weekened by unnecessarily edgy edits from scene to scene and shot to shot . at other times , objects seem to get up and move and hairstyles and costumes change from shot to shot . there are also at least 4 scenes in a taxi cab that go from start to finish . not in a single one of them does anybody pay the driver . and yet , no matter how miserable this film may be , and no matter how poor the acting is all around , there was a ray of a hope for these many bad plots . perhaps , if the makers had just decided to concentrate on one or two or , perhaps , even three , there might have been the time and opportunity for some character development , or quality acting , or even a decent plot payoff at the end . but it didn't happen that way . the cast of quality name actors was forced into roles that not even one of them could convert into a mediocre performance , and every story line crashed and burned quicker than it takes for the ball to drop at midnight .
[150]	neg	neg	yes	( tommy lee jones ) , ira terrorist with the great talent to make lethal explosive devices from almost any material , escapes from prison . he comes to boston , where he accidentally notices jimmy dove ( jeff bridges ) , dedicated bomb disposal expert within boston police . few people except gaerity know the dove's violent past , when he used to be ira terrorist before becoming sick with violence , betraying gaerity and emigrating to america where he changed the name and started using his experience for good purpose . gaerity holds dove personally responsible for his captivity and begins the campaign of bombing terror , directed specifically at dove's colleagues , friends and relatives . dove , who is just going to retire and start family , now must confront the mad bomber . while speed doesn't even try to bother with plot and characters , using them only as an excuse for long and spectacular action scenes , blown away tries to be more conventional and provide the action with some back story . and that is the main reason why it is inferior to speed . badly written plot and badly written characters are sometimes worse than no plot and no characters at all . screenplay by john bateer and john rice , barely touches the complicated issues of northern ireland , using the tragedy only as the cheap backstory for even cheaper drama . the plot is , of course , full of implausibilities . the main one is the fact that movie fails to explain how the single individual , no matter how brilliant he is , can produce thousands of deadly devices and hold entire city at bay . those questions , same as in the case of speed , could be forgotten while the action goes on , but the pauses between action scenes are filled with cliched and predictable situation that should provide some background to the characters . because of them , movie seems a little bit too long , and boring at times . the most annoying element of the film , however , is tommy lee jones in the role of mad bomber . his acting is so over-the-top that potentially fascinating villain turns into pathetic caricature of himself . this role is in painful contrast with the strong performance given by that same actor in fugitive . the film have few bright points , though . some of the action scenes are fine , which should be credited to director stephen hopkins ( predator ii , judgement night ) . and forrest whitaker really shines in minor role of dove's colleague . but , all in all , blown away is a film that was justifiably shadowed by its more famous , yet hardly unforgettable competitor .
[151]	neg	neg	yes	turns into a disaster right about the time dustin hoffman ( billed as " the conscience " ) shows up , spouting platitudes and sending poor milla running around her cell , babbling like ally mcbeal . that's kind of a shame , since she does quite well up to that point , charging into battle with a banshee wail that suggests the eruption of a sublimated bloodthirstiness . that darkly attractive aspect of her character -- that she's as likely a charismatic madwoman as the vessel of the lord -- is more or less betrayed by the final reels , in which the conscience browbeats her over the killing she's overseen and joan starts to look like little more than a very confused young lady who's about to take a fall . as the story winds down , with joan condemned to a horrible death by fire , besson is aiming for tragedy and psychological significance . trouble is , he's chosen a lurid , often jokey tone for the balance of the picture -- including some blithe cgi bloodshed in the battle scenes -- and it's impossible to shake the feeling that this particular vision of the middle ages is , to a great extent , nothing more than a put-on . this glib , pre-fab version of such a great story makes me all the more grateful for dreyer's the passion of joan of arc ( 1928 ) , a film whose dialogue is drawn from the actual transcripts of joan's trial , and which stands as one of the most harrowing experiences in all of cinema . compared to that film , the messenger plays as a crime against history . -------------------------------------------------------------- directed by luc besson written by besson and andrew birkin cinematography by thierry arbogast music by eric serra starring milla jovovich france/usa , 1999 theatrical aspect ratio : 2 . 35 : 1 --------------------------------------------------------------
[152]	neg	neg	yes	clumsy and near-sighted daughter julie ( marie-laure dougnac ) falls in love with the skinny , weird looking clown , and the two make some music together , with her playing the cello and him a saw . they are the innocents , surrounded by a boarding house of misfits suffering from fear and watched over by her overbearing father , who has lured into his tenement the clown , as he has his past innocent victims , so that he can put his cleaver to him and then sell him as meat , which he intends to do as soon as the clown fixes up the tenement . the entire film takes place in the shabby tenement , and the tenants are an odd lot of bizarre malcontents , who do not trust each other . there are two youngsters ( boban janevski & mikael todde ) who do any kind of mischief they can . a frog man ( howard vernon ) who lives with water on the floor so he can raise his frogs and snails that he eats . two brothers ( mathou & kube ) who create little cow-moo novelty toys . a man ( holgado ) who sells a bullshit detector to the butcher for his piece of meat . a slutty woman ( karin viard ) , who lives with the butcher and only wants his meat . the aristocratic woman ( silvie laguna ) who tries numerous times to commit suicide but is too inept to do it right . the tenants are too afraid to come out at night because they know what the butcher is up to , so they are forced to communicate with each other through a pipe that runs through the building ( in one scene they are all in musical harmony to the lovemaking of the butcher and his gal , as their bedsprings squeak ) . there is also a sex-crazed postman ( chick ortega ) , who lusts for the butcher's daughter and carries a gun while delivering the mail . there is also an underdeveloped subplot about a band of incompetent underground veggie fanatics , called trogolodistes , who have been summoned to rescue the clown and steal some grain . the directors overloaded the film with too many eccentrics , as the comedy seemed forced while the surreal look of the film added no dramatic intensity . delicatessen could have some appeal to the cult film crowd who like their meat sliced thin , monty python fans , and those who liked terry gilliam's brazil , a film similar in spirit .
[153]	neg	neg	yes	for the eat healthy foods lobby . the live action sequences revolve around frank ( bill murray ) , who seems to be the grungiest human being in the universe . he continually looks as if he needs a shave and a shower . frank , much to the consternation of his daughter , is a fast-food addict , eating anything - and everything - that can kill you . he works at a zoo where the animals look cleaner - and presumably smell better - than he does . frank's body is invaded by thrax , a lethal virus , after frank eats a hard-boiled egg that had fallen to the ground . it's not gross enough that frank picks the egg up from the dirt and plops it into his mouth . nope , the farrellys pile it on by first having frank wrestle a chimp for the egg , wresting it from the primate's mouth . like i said , the gross meter tips the scales on this one . after ingesting the egg , the movie begins its animated sequences . here , osmosis jones ( voiced by chris rock ) , a renegade white blood cell is teamed with drix ( voiced by frasier's david hyde pierce ) , a 12-hour , painkiller cold capsule to battle thrax ( smoothly voiced by laurence fishburne ) . basically , what we have is a cliched cop-buddy movie , rife with all the clich ? s of that genre . and this is why osmosis jones doesn't click . it merely falls back on tired , familiar conventions instead of creating new and exciting situations . the jokes and puns are lame : osmosis searches out a snitch , a former flu virus . after pumping him for information , drix tells osmosis , " funny , he doesn't look fluish . " and the jokes don't rise above that level . the live action scenes are no better . frank is such a slob , so unappealing that it is difficult to fathom how he ever married or even sired a child . he's almost a bigger cartoon than the animated characters . osmosis jones is a movie that may be too violent for young children as thrax burns and dissolves blood cells right and left . the animation is rather two-dimensional and flat . it lacks scope and depth . it is an unappealing movie that will leave you scratching your head , and maybe leaning toward a shower after you walk out of the theater .
[154]	neg	neg	yes	has hollywood run out of interesting characters and plot-driven suspense thrillers that we must spend two hours watching will smith and a gritty gene hackman exchange obtuse dialogue and run around dodging fireballs ? in enemy of the state , that is exactly right . a few parts the net , and a few parts conspiracy theory , enemy is about as exciting as watching smith talk to cgi aliens in 1997's lame brained men in black . will this guy ever get a real role ? he has the bruce willis syndrome . the plot is bascially smith , playing a lawyer , getting into hot water with some high government murderers , who assassinated a powerful political figure earlier in the movie , when a tape of the killing gets into his hands . he inlists the help of an old conspirator ( hackman ) , and , at the end , er . . . you know . enemy was one of the worst films of last year . not only was it sloppy in telling its story and getting its facts straight , the acting was mediocre when it should have been energy driven , and i didn't like how smith always magically out-smarted the badies when all the other extra characters , seeming more intelligent than smith , somehow got run over by a truck . enemy came out around the same time as the superior star trek : insurrection . i know these two films are different in , well , everything , but the fact that enemy outgrossed insurrection just baffels me . somehow , quality can't overshadow quantity .
[155]	neg	neg	yes	vegas vacation is the fourth film starring chevy chase and beverly d'angelo as the heads of the hapless griswold family . as with the other three films , their two children , rusty and audrey , are played by a revolving series of actors . this time ethan embry and marisol nichols fill the roles . also back , is cousin eddie ( randy quaid ) , the slob relative who seems to bring problems wherever he goes . in vegas vacation clark griswold ( chase ) decides to take the family on vacation to las vegas so that he and wife ellen ( d'angelo ) can renew their wedding vows . it is at this point when comedy is supposed to ensue . apparently the filmmakers thought that putting the griswolds into las vegas would be so funny on its own that they wouldn't bother to write any jokes into the script . at least that's the way it looks when watching this turkey . about half way through vegas vacation i began to have serious doubts as to whether there would actually be a single laugh in the entire film , since there had been none up to that point . by the end of the movie i had actually snickered a couple of times , and i had smiled at a couple of gags . i might add that none of the funny ( and i use the term loosely ) moments came as a result of anything chase , d'angelo or quaid were involved in . they might as well have stayed home for as much as they contributed to this film . the two best things in this movie were ethan embry and marisol nichols as the griswold kids , who manage to have a couple of their own adventures . rusty becomes a vegas high roller , providing most of the film's best moments . every time chase and quaid were involved in a gag , it just made it more and more apparent that they should have stopped this series after the third film . which brings me to the best moment of the film . the griswolds are driving down the highway and holiday road ( the theme from the original vacation ) begins to play . christie brinkley and her red ferrari ( also from the first movie ) drive by . it was a cute moment , but all it really did was remind me just how funny the first film had been , and just how far that this series has fallen . too bad .
[156]	neg	neg	yes	burnt money is the perfect festival film . it will show once or twice , and then no one , thankfully , will ever have to hear from it again . this film from the seattle international film festival 2001's emerging masters series is easily one of the year's worst . billed as a gay `bonnie and clyde' , this gritty film from director marcelo pi ? eyro has its only highlight in a well-designed title sequence . two gay lovers get involved in a bank robbery that makes a gang leader , whose plan they screwed up , angry . this causes the gang leader to send his boys out to get the gay guys , one of whom may not actually be gay . hiding out in a prostitute's apartment , the two men must fight off police and gang members in a very long showdown for the movie's conclusion . if caught , they risk losing all the money , and their love . as an added emotional bonus , one of the gay men is dying . or something like that . everything that happens is so quick and confusing i was completely lost . clarity isn't exactly this movie's striving virtue , so it was a little hard to pick up . not much could have really happened though . the main events in this long two-hour film are explicit homosexual and heterosexual sex , graphic drug use , extreme violence , and strong language . lots of explicit material is never a bad thing when there's a reason , but there's no purpose to anything in this film . most of the sex and violence scenes come off as silly , while the heavy drug use comes off as ridiculous and depressing . it appears pi ? eyro ( who co-wrote with marcelo figueras , from a novel by ricardo piglia ) purposefully adds more blood and lovemaking for his own amusement . he makes the actors as sweaty and dirty as possible , makes them snort cocaine , gives them guns and condoms , and lets them go . burnt money is pointless . the performances are bad . it tries to thrill and shock , but only causes boredom . god forbid it will ever get a distributor . another disappointing film from this year's so-called emerging masters series . pass on by .
[157]	neg	neg	yes	claire danes , giovanni ribisi , and omar epps make a likable trio of protagonists , but they're just about the only palatable element of the mod squad , a lame-brained big-screen version of the 70s tv show . the story has all the originality of a block of wood ( well , it would if you could decipher it ) , the characters are all blank slates , and scott silver's perfunctory action sequences are as cliched as they come . by sheer force of talent , the three actors wring marginal enjoyment from the proceedings whenever they're on screen , but the mod squad is just a second-rate action picture with a first-rate cast .
[158]	neg	neg	yes	? before this film i did not , but i am glad that i do now . she gives the only satisfactory performance in the film . despite the dry dialogue and boring/confusing concept , she manages to light up the screen every time she appears , but unfortunately , her co-stars are usually following right behind . owen wilson , who plays luke , is the only other cast member even close to giving an admirable performance , other then taylor . he is basically there for the comic relief , and his character development is poor in all other areas . all of the characters are desperately underdeveloped . wilson had potential as luke , but it seems they just needed him to add a few laughs . liam neeson and catherine zeta-jones suffer from the dialogue and plot and should not have been in this film . their characters must suffer from wicked mood swings because in each scene they turn from ruthless to compassionate to scared to brave and whatnot . they just are not believable and this is the final nail in the haunting's coffin . the plot is terrible . the opening scene of the film is very important , but the director makes it too obvious by getting close-ups of all the things that will play a major role in the end of the film . as i sat through the film , i kept wondering what this film was trying to accomplish . nell , lili taylor's character , goes from the hunted to the savior . it makes no sense and the director gives the audience no reasoning for the ridiculous changes that take place in the film . he forces the viewer to make various assumptions and does not give any in-depth information . for instance , the beginning of the film gives us a sense of why nell is getting involved in the program . but , we get zilch for the other four . plus , two of them get wiped out in the first ten minutes . and the worst part : most horror films have killings . for some reason , they kill off luke at the end of the film . no reason whatsoever , just off with his head , literally . overall , the haunting is the epitome of a bad movie . bad plot , confusing storyline and a waste of good talent . hopefully , liam neeson can rebound and get into a good film and be used to his full potential . hopefully , lili taylor will be recognized for doing such a great job in such a bad film . and hopefully , other horror films , such as the blair witch project and the haunting of hill house , will not be as bad as this one .
[159]	neg	neg	yes	the siege , " he has finally made one . " the siege , " is a modern-day action-thriller that focuses on terrorism that is sweeping through new york city . investigating the matter is fbi agents anthony hubbard ( denzel washington ) and frank haddad ( tony shalhoub ) , who are first hit by the ordeal when a city bus explodes with several innocent people on it . later , a bomb goes off in a broadway theater , killing even more . they soon meet cia operative elise kraft ( annette bening ) , who may very well hold the key to the identity of the arab terrorist . there are some movies that simply don't need to be made , and , " the siege " may very well be one of them . oh , sure , zwick thinks he is making a " meaningful " action film , since he has added lots of exposition scenes in which the audience is basically lectured on the horrors of terrorism , but what he really has made is actually no more substantial than , say , " die hard , " which also starred bruce willis . this time , willis is horribly wasted as a general of the u . s . army , who puts a state of martial law over nyc during the climax . whatever points , " the siege , " earnestly tried to make , were obviously lost in the translation from page to screen , or maybe , zwick never really had anything serious to say in the first place . the role of the arab community is offensively stereotypical , just as women were in the recent , " john caprenter's vampires , " by placing them all in the category of " bad guys . " " the siege , " contains three fine actors---washington , bening , and shalhoub---but washington is stuck with a character that contains not an ounce of even remote development . bening has slightly more to do , and has an intriguing character to work with , while shalhoub pretty much steals the show , even though , again , he has no real character . by the climax of , " the siege , " with washington giving a sermon to willis on the so-called " message " of the story , i felt like i had wandered into a sequel to , " on deadly ground , " in which steven seagal gave a 10-minute speech at the end about preserving the environment . " the siege " is constantly heavy-handed , not entertaining or insightful , and just goes to prove that not even the best actors can save a film that lacks a satisfactory screenplay .
[160]	neg	neg	yes	that will send them to jail for a very long time . a surprisingly calm robert boyd ( christian slater ) , who looks like he was groomed to make nefarious decisions , ponders their dilemma for a few minutes before deciding that the best thing to do is to bury the body in the desert where she'll never be found . although they stomach the gruesome deed of getting rid of the body ( which also disturbingly involves dismantling the body using power saws in order to stuff it into suitcases ) , when they return from their trip , guilt and paranoia begins to set in which slowly consumes some of the five friends . one is adam ( daniel stern ) he grows increasingly agitated . whenever people look at his van or whenever a cop glances his way , his blood pressure increases . or that just may be because of his dysfunctional family . another is michael , who was actually responsible for her death . he tries to bury his feelings , but the burden of guilt begins to affect his judgment as well . boyd is the ? doer' of the group . seemingly suffering from a long psychosis , when he feels as if his secret is about to be exposed , he is apt to take extreme measures to cover up his tracks . kyle just hopes that his wedding will live up to laura's demanding expectations . then , there's moore ( leland orser ) who speaks 5 lines and walks around with a puzzled look on his face . the problem with this reprehensible movie is that it wants to be a cruel comedy , but it presents things in a manner that just aren't funny . drugs , mutilation , and killing your own friends isn't something to be laughed at . as a straight psychological drama , i could see how it might have worked , as each one tried to maneuver and overcome the weight of their own guilt in their own sometimes-sick ways . but this movie insults us by assuming that we could simply discard our values for 2 hours . if you do like this movie , i don't think that i want to know you . i did find slater a convincing leader who sways his friends to choose not the right thing but the ? smart play . ' and diaz adds some brightness to this film as a wedding-needing fiancee . but her talents are essentially wasted here . it's obvious that the film maker is trying to strike a certain tone . but the way that he chooses to do it is tasteless . do not make a very bad decision by seeing this film .
[161]	neg	neg	yes	i had been looking forward to this film since i heard about it early last year , when matthew perry had just signed on . i'm big fan of perry's subtle sense of humor , and in addition , i think chris farley's on-edge , extreme acting was a riot . so naturally , when the trailer for " almost heroes " hit theaters , i almost jumped up and down . a soda in hand , the lights dimming , i was ready to be blown away by farley's final starring role and what was supposed to be matthew perry's big breakthrough . i was ready to be just amazed ; for this to be among farley's best , in spite of david spade's absence . i was ready to be laughing my head off the minute the credits ran . sadly , none of this came to pass . the humor is spotty at best , with good moments and laughable one-liners few and far between . perry and farley have no chemistry ; the role that perry was cast in seems obviously written for spade , for it's his type of humor , and not at all what perry is associated with . and the movie tries to be smart , a subject best left alone when it's a farley flick . the movie is a major dissapointment , with only a few scenes worth a first look , let alone a second . perry delivers not one humorous line the whole movie , and not surprisingly ; the only reason the movie made the top ten grossing list opening week was because it was advertised with farley . and farley's classic humor is widespread , too . almost heroes almost works , but misses the wagon-train by quite a longshot . guys , let's leave the exploring to lewis and clark , huh ? stick to " tommy boy " , and we'll all be " friends " .
[162]	neg	neg	yes	set aside for the moment the fact that they could get more than enough cash from donations if they just made their case known to the public ) . problem is , the fair is being held in the middle of the dreaded " city " , a completely foreign place to both the pig and his companion . setting the main plot in motion , mrs . hogget and babe travel to the unnamed city and shack up with a sweet lady who just happens to love to help animals , despite the law that you cannot keep them in hotels . it is here that we meet an array of eccentric characters , the most memorable being the family of chimps led by steven wright . here is where the film took a wrong turn . up until this point , i had being having a rather enjoyable experience . the beginning featured some smart writing and funny situations involving the farm animals from the first one and even an inspired moment at the airport where mrs . hogget is accused of smuggling drugs . unfortunately , the story wears thin as we are introduced to a new set of animals that reside at the hotel , none of them being even one-tenth as interesting as the characters from the previous babe . the main topic of discussion surrounding babe : pig in the city is the question of whether or not it is to dark and disturbing for small children , and i believe it is . at one point , a dog is hung from his neck and slowly starts to drown . at other times , we are treated to surrealistic flash-backs to mrs . hogget's full cavity search at the airport . in fact , the overall tone of the movie is rather bleak and depressing . however , that is , as they say , neither here nor there because kids will probably not like the movie anyway . the animal characters and their plights were simply not intriguing enough to sustain my interest for an hour and a half , let alone entertain a child . another problem i found with the film was it's sudden change of pacing and tone near the end of the story . if you're going to make a darker and more sinister sequel , fine . it may not be my cup of tea , but at least it is a noble ambition . but to go from the downbeat feel of the rest of the movie and all of a sudden have slapstick finale with mrs . hogget swinging from wall-to-wall of a ballroom in elastic overalls ? it just didn't feel right and was more painful to watch than it was funny or entertaining , and the same goes for the rest of the movie .
[163]	neg	neg	yes	with hieroglyphics on it . it wouldn't be till present day ( '94 ) till they would actually figure it out . they're decipherer ? a slightly-neurotic scientist ( nice twist ) , dr . dan jackson ( james spader , doing his best outside of erotic thrillers and some indy fare ) who's life sucks so much that people walk out of his lectures after the third word . why do they use him to decipher what no one else could ? so there is a hokey ending ! duh ! he figures it out in about a minute . yea . and then they get a suicidal colonel or something , " jack " o'neill ( kurt russel , with his wyat earp locks in the beginning then a flat-top that would make howie long snap into a fetal position ) . why a suicidal colonel ? for the ending ! you'll get the hang of this . they open the stargate , a bunch of them go through it with a bomb to blow it up if they find anything bad . after an overdone special effects thing , they're . . . inside a goddam pyramid . so they went to egypt , right ? wrong . they're on another planet that was filmed in egypt . they discover a cilvilization ruled by ra , the sun god ( the androginous jaye davidson , with a voice modifier to make him sound like barry white with asthma ) , and there are fights , explosions and a kiss between two people . yea . also melodrama , stupidity , hokey scenes and a bizarre language . an anti-climactic ending ends with stupid lines ( " say hello to king tut , asswhole ! " - the quintessential line , lemme tell ya ) and some convenient pesudo-pseudo-pseudo-character development . by the end , you just wanna go home and watch , i don't know , the " outer limits " or something . the script's terrible . the special effects are okay , but nothing great . the story's so weak that it's almost opaque . the whole experience just isn't worth it unless you're so bored that you'd consider watching a " full house " marathon . . . or this . i'd pick this , obviously , but still , it's just not fun at all . and i can't wait for it to premier on mst3k .
[164]	neg	neg	yes	assistance of cinematographer thierry arbogast , he has created a film chock full of moody close-ups and evocative lighting . but beneath the shiny wrapper , there isn't nearly as much going on as besson would like us to believe . the relationship between leon and matilda never clicks because neither one is given a character to develop . leon is mostly a collection of quirky traits , all intended to show us that for a hired killer , he's really not so bad a guy : he drinks lots of milk , takes meticulous care of a potted plant , and enjoys gene kelly movies . jean reno succeeds at giving leon a haunted and desperate quality , but he never makes an emotional connection to matilda . natalie portman is all wrong for a part that called for a much grittier quality , but she doesn't have too much to work with , either . besson would have been better served spending more time trying to bring his characters to life , and less on feeble attempts at humor which are often embarrassing . a silly game between leon and matilda involving celebrity impersonations is completely out of place , as is a scene where matilda shocks a hotel manager by announcing that leon is her lover ; character is thoroughly sacrificed for a cheap gag . gary oldman's entire part is something of a cheap gag , wild-eyed and way over the top , but at least he is interesting to watch . there isn't a real person to be found anywhere in the professional , which isn't always a problem in an action thriller , except that this one is trying to pass itself off as something more . a more disconcerting problem with the professional is that it plays around with the sexuality of a twelve-year-old in a really distasteful way . there were only two real choices for dealing with that component of leon and matilda's relationship : confront it head on , or ignore it entirely . but besson flirts and teases the audience with the idea that he's going to show them a forbidden love story , while choosing simply to focus his camera on portman's rear end and dress her in skimpy clothing . this is to say nothing of the questionable decision to make it look like quality paternal time when leon is teaching a child to load a 9mm pistol , or the blood which is spilled aplenty . a great deal of the time , the professional is just plain sleazy , and all the soft filters in the world can't disguise that fact .
[165]	neg	neg	yes	, there's some confusion over whether he killed annie one or annie two , or anyone at all . the blackout is typical ferrara : no plot to speak of , plenty of raunch , and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see-through curtain in his hotel room by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea . cinematographer ken kelsch finds inconsistent glory in alternating gorgeous painterly sunsets with docu-style sleaze ( and we're back to dennis hopper leering at girls in bathing suits . " yeah ! ! ! yeah ! ! ! arrrghhh ! " says mr . hopper . dirty old sod . ) it's compulsive viewing in a tacky sort of way , leading to a ridiculous climax where modine seizes control of his destiny . how's that for cryptic ? never fear -- ferrara finds time for some female full frontal nudity to remind us what he's all about . i can picture it now . " take off yer clothes , kid -- it's essential to depict the inner maelstrom of my central protagonist , and you're his visual id . you're the soul , the heart , the bloodstream of the picture . take it off ! take it all off ! ! ! ha ha ha ! " friggin' vampire . yeah , you , ferrara . a final word about matthew modine : he's actually a fine actor when properly cast , but there's something too squeaky-clean in his demeanor . he's ideally suited for sarcastic men in tightly controlled situations , such as his private joker in full metal jacket or the time-bomb nebbish in short cuts ( who is every bit as superb as julianne moore in that famous scene , though no one seems to notice him ) . [he was in that scene ? -ed . ] here , he's asked to let it all hang out , sporting a three-day stubble and oily bangs . he throws around furniture like stanley kowalski , but it's somehow lacking . modine lacks the feral intensity of brando , entirely miscast in ferrara's flesh fair . better luck next time , matt . someday , you'll be forgiven for cutthroat island , which wasn't really your fault in the first place . maybe atom egoyan will find a place for you somewhere , and all will once again be well in your world .
[166]	neg	neg	yes	like to say that his character gets involved over his head in some sort of blah , blah , blah , but all we seem to get are little tastes of possible plot points . he's concerned about buddy jason gedrick's heroin abuse . he sticks up for jim breuer after he impregnates baldwin's character's sister . he looks into who might be pushing the most moronic-looking counterfeit cash ever made ( a genuinely funny touch ) . but none of this ever really amounts to anything . it seems that moresco's greater concern is to provide that intangible " slice of life " , that flavor of the neighborhood that everyone's been trying to evoke since scorsese's early work . so , we get the drunk guys , hugging and singing together at the local bar , to prove to us that they really love each other . ( do people actually do this ! ? ) we get a lot of tough street talk -- usually mumbled for effect -- and a whole lot of the f-word , whether it sounds like it fits or not . we also get a handful of good actors in small roles that seem to lack purpose . bruno kirby , chazz palminteri , you know , guys you've seen in movies just like this one before . assante is intelligent casting as the man that everyone fears , and baldwin's performance is adequate , but most of the rest of the cast jump into the tough guy persona so thoroughly that it's almost funny . moresco , a theater guy and sometimes tv writer ( including the series falcone ) , obviously labored over this one as anyone might a first child , but the content is probably too personal . as a result , the movie's style is heavy-handed , in need of a considerable amount of toning down . nearly every time an action by the grown up gang recalls something they did as kids , moresco reminds us -- boy does he remind us . with slow dissolves to the earlier scene , running in slow motion , complete with dialogue from the present , just in case we don't comprehend the link to the past . moresco needs to either trust his audience's intelligence , or have more faith in his own presentation rather than beat us over the head with it . his next project should have a little more personal distance , and a lot more subtlety . if he actually gets that chance . reviewed as part of our 2001 boston film festival coverage ( feature story coming soon ) .
[167]	neg	neg	yes	the tale about oppressed minorities , but instead the real subject is the bad conscience of the oppressors . so , the story about geronimo is told from the perspective of his enemies . almost all of them happen to be his greatest admirers and use every opportunity to express how sorry they feel for having to fight him and his people . although such elements of john millius' screenplay do indeed have some basis in history , they harm the story of geronimo . to be honest , walter hill does try to make geronimo the real hero of the film , but the movie segments that deal with the plight of apaches and the uprising are given too little time . instead , they turn out to be nothing more than the back story for rather uninteresting adventure story of gatewood and his band . to make even worse , hill has some real problems with pacing and style , and in the end we have impression that we are watching two films badly edited into one - story about geronimo and story about his pursuers . the movie should have been better if it turned to geronimo's life before and after his last uprising , in many ways more interesting than the story about gatewood . the difference between those segments could be observed through the different quality of acting . wes studi , cherokee actor who was so impressive as magua in the last of the mohicans , was perfect choice for geronimo , not only because he resembles geronimo , but because he induces a lot of passion in his role . contrary to him , we have disinterested actors who sleepwalk through the roles of his white enemies . while this could be expected from someone like jason patric , it is shame when we have veterans like gene hackman or robert duvall . even hill's directing is bellow expectations - battle scenes are too short and , like in many of his late films , force viewers to ask what had happened to the great action director of 1970s . even his old associate , music composer ry cooder , disappoints , with the score that shifts between indian motives and classic . on the other hand , photography by lloyd ahern ii , with the use of red lenses , gives somewhat dreamy atmosphere , ideal for this movie that was supposed to be melancholic epic . all in all , compared with some of the hollywood's examples of political correctness , this film isn't so bad , but we are left with the unpleasant impression that it could have been better .
[168]	neg	neg	yes	aspiring broadway composer robert ( aaron williams ) secretly carries a torch for his best friend , struggling actor marc ( michael shawn lucas ) . the problem is , marc only has eyes for " perfect 10s , " which the geeky , insecure robert certainly is not . meanwhile , marc's spoiled ( hetero ) female roommate , cynthia ( mara hobel ) , spends her days lying about their apartment and harrassing magazine editor tina brown . writer-director victor mignatti's " very romantic comedy " ( as the ad campaign states ) is supposed to be ( pardon the pun ) a gay ol' romp , but it's hard to have much fun with these annoying , self-absorbed characters and their shallow personal problems : marc and cynthia have sitcom-level domestic " crises " ( such as trying to kill bugs--how hilarious ) ; robert and marc go to acting class ( how riveting ) ; the zaftig cynthia goes on eating binges ( how original ) . but more than anything else , the three whine . constantly . marc whines about his turbulent romance with an apparent " 10 , " david ( hugh panaro ) , the hunky musician from across the way ; robert whines about not being able to find the right guy ; cynthia whines about having to find a job ( horrors ) . the terrible trio whine their way to a happy ending that is wholly undeserved . add in overly broad performances and some laughable lipsynching by panaro , and you're left with one astonishing piece of cinematic damage .
[169]	neg	neg	yes	just got out of a mental institution . he is walking around n . y . , blowing everything up and killing everyone that gets in a 5 meter radius . all he wants is the girl , that is somehow special . but schwartzenegger is more clever than he looks , he has hidden her in a church , where satan dare not enter . so the evil one is forced to seduce the good cop in order to get the valuable information : " you can have your wife and daughter back . . i can give you happiness that you can only dream of . . just give me the address . . " indeed with a script like that , you could make a wonderful parody , but unfortunately the director is taking this subject very seriously , attempting to create a provoking an dramatic thriller . and for you who have awaited arnold swartzenegger's comeback , will not be very satisfied . we've not seen him in a while . that's because he didn't have a worthy opponent . he has battled nuclear terrorists on earth and power mad conspirators on mars . he has taken on alien predators in the darkest reaches of the jungle and morphing cyberkillers that seemingly nothing can stop . so , after all those fights , what's left for arnold schwarzenegger ? how about satan ? in my opinion , he has never quite overcome his first role as the deadly robot in cameron's " terminator " . and that is schwartzenegger's strength -- muscles and no emotions . here he tries to achieve an artistic level , moving towards the oscar . this is called " an adult turn " if successful and " a flop " if unsuccessful . make a wild guess ! his character has lost his wife and daughter and has serious drinking problems . this requires at least some acting skills . regrettably , the only thing convincing about old arnold is his muscles . the rest of the cast are struggling with their so called characters . the movie is otherwise technically impressive , with a solid cinematography and fine lighting . but the movie doesn't serve neither as a serious thriller ( because of its stupidity ) nor as comic entertainment ( because of its serious tone ) . the only real comic relief in this film is when swartzenegger tries to cry . the action sequences are all recycled and the effects are everything but spectacular . so i really have a hard time recommending this film to somebody . unless you are a die-hard schwartzenegger fan , stay away . as for schwarzenegger , he'll be back .
[170]	neg	neg	yes	these days , people have rather short attention span and hardly anything can satisfy them for the long run . 1970s nostalgia is already wearing off , and now , people are becoming more and more interested in 1980s . few years in the future , early 1990s are going to be regarded as next golden age of nostalgia . however , i doubt that people are going to be very nostalgic about the hollywood products of that period . one of the reason would surely be films like national lampoon's loaded weapon 1 , that , in many ways , symbolise the biggest problem of contemporary american film industry - lack of originality and ideas . being made as some kind of parody on lethal weapon series , this film pairs two l . a . policemen - jack colt ( emilio estevez ) , burn-out alcoholic cop on the edge , and wes luger ( samuel l . jackson ) , by-the-book policeman , days away from retirement . two of them , following the murder of luger's ex- partner , must confront evil general mortars ( william shatner ) , crime lord who is going to flood the market with cocaine stashed in wilderness girl cookies . the authors of this films ( whose director , gene quintano , worked on such projects like third and fourth sequel of police academy ) lacked any original idea before they undertook the projects , and that reflects in the lack plot , characters , and , even original lines . the plot , or what goes for the plot in this movie , is nothing more than a series of gags that make laugh of some popular films made in previous few years ( apart from lethal weapon series , this film " borrows " its female lead from basic instinct ) . the best gags , are , same as with many other similar movies , shown in the trailers . the rest simply doesn't work . only those who used to watch a lot of hollywood products in that period would laugh . others would probably wince at the lameness of humour . some would be entertained by celebrity cameos that pop up every once in a while . but , at the end , spending hour and half in front of this disorganised mess of a movie is simply not worth the effort . the film was sometimes criticised for being the parody of a series that already had strong comic overtones . the authors of lethal weapon returned the favour by using the loaded weapon 1 joke in their fourth sequel .
[171]	neg	neg	yes	how invisible man flicks never go so far as to have the invisible individual indulging in their newfound ability . hollow man looked like the first film to do so and whoa , in a serious manner to boot . but oh yeah , it is directed by paul verhoven not atom egoyan or peter greenway . verhoeven delivers the sleazy " goods " , but not in a watchable or thrillingly disturbing manner , here it just feels icky and uncomfortable . the director keeps his camera trained at his nubile actresses , caressing their breasts with his lens all while faux-psycho music strains in the background . it's plainly obvious that verhoeven isn't exploring voyeurism ( like in the classic peeping tom ) but exploiting it and not even doing that very well . it's funny that with all the technology $90 million can get you verhoven is stuck at trying to figure out how to show a woman's naked breast manipulated by an invisible hand . most vexing is that the invisibility aspect is used simply as gimmick in yet another slasher movie wherein characters do stupid things just so the villain can pop up for more attacks . in fact it's largely irrelevant that bacon is invisible since , by the end , most of his potential victims don infer-red glasses that track his body heat . as in every mad slasher film we get the killers pov ( a scene where he spies on his neighbor while she undresses triggered unpleasant memories of slumber party massacre ) , and lots of scenes where people are unknowingly stalked . the film only provides one moment that i found genuinely creepy . it happens when a lab assistant ( kim dickens , who looks like she stepped out of playboy ) in the middle of a chit chat with an invisible bacon , suddenly pauses . " are you looking at me ? " , she queries , obviously haunted . it's a little moment in a big film with nothing to offer but ground breaking special effects set to a plot that should have run its course by 1982 ( the apex of the mad slasher craze ) . those special effects are so stunning they alone keep this from being as bad as urban legend or i still know what you did last summer . and they're the only reason to check out hollow man , preferably as a mid-week bargain rental . you've been warned . but you probably won't listen , will you ? tis' a pity ? ? ?
[172]	neg	neg	yes	; even the presence of its original director didn't stop the rapid decline of the quality . death wish 3 begins when kersey comes to visit an old friend , living in the urban wasteland of east new york , populated by young criminals and people too old or too poor to move out . before the reunion , kersey's friend falls victim to the street gang led by evil fraker ( played by gavan o'herlihy , probably the only noteworthy role in the film ) . kersey decides to avenge his death and slowly prepares for his crusade , while the police inspector shriker ( ed lauter ) , ants to use him as a secret weapon in his losing war against the urban crime . bronson , the main asset in this movie , plays the character who is nothing more than an efficient killing machine . although bronson's charisma does help in overcoming some implausibilities ( single man in his 60s and armed with a single pistol manages to wipe out dozens of opponents with superior firepower ) , the lack of emotions or bronson's own commitment could be seen in a very few lines spoken in a film . the movie authors were somewhat aware of that emotional shallowness , so they added romantic interest for their hero - public defender played by deborah raffin and conveniently terminated in order to give some more motives for kersey's crusade . on the other hand , emotions are much better played by confronting law-abiding , yet ethnically stereotyped citizens with their daily nemesis of street punks - ruthless enough to exercise their reign of terror on the entire city blocks , and stupid enough to be killed in droves by kersey . unfortunately , michael winner doesn't know how to work out the plot , and after torturing the viewers with mostly uninteresting characters and cliched and formulaic situations , ends this movie with a bang . the big showdown at the end - that turns east new york into the sarajevo-like battle zone - is probably the worst part of the movie , because of the poor editing and the cheap sets and props that give away the low budget . in short , this movie could be recommended only to the most fanatical charles bronson fans or for the people who are already desperate for 1980s nostalgia . ( special note for trekkies : marina sirtis , the actress who played counsellor deanna troi in star trek : the next generation could be spotted in a small role of portorican wife ) .
[173]	neg	neg	yes	is dull and very decidedly not scary . in fact , i feel it is downright impossible to make a modern day pg-13 horror movie that is scary . unless you find obvious computer generated special effects frightening , then there's nothing in this film that will raise hackles . i nearly fell asleep twice during the film , and probably would have if they guy two rows behind me didn't seem to have such a personal relationship with the characters that he felt he needed to discuss every decision they made with them as the film progressed . it's sad to see such an amazing cast wasted so badly . owen wilson spends most of the film wandering the halls of the house , and the script does no justice to his wonderful comic ability . catherine zeta-jones ( always nice to look at ) is given the woefully underwritten role of a bi-sexual insomniac that gets to run out of her bedroom perplexed every time some strange noise occurs . liam neeson pops in from time to time to talk into his tape recorder and attempt to convince the others that he has as much knowledge about what's going on as the rest of them do . finally , poor lili taylor , the center of the film , gets the brunt of the cgi effects thrown at her while everyone else gets to scream and try to rescue her . apparently , a subplot involving a tryst between zeta-jones and taylor's characters was filmed but removed . that's too bad , because it might have lent some better characterization to the narrative . this is jan de bont's second straight misfire ( speed 2 : cruise control being the first ) . when is he going to learn that bigger is not always necessarily better ? robert wise knew that when he made the original and the makes of the blair witch project also knew that . one should not approach a haunted house movie with a twister mindset . if de bont and screenwriter david self had let our minds fill in the blanks as to what was happening instead of showing us everything , it would have served to make the film terrifying . what our mind fashions on it's own can be a thousand times more frightening than having having it completely led towards everything . apparently , yet another version of this story is being filmed under it's original title . i certainly hope that this newer rendition will not be hurt by the insanity of jan de bont's version and that it will retain the psychological impact that the original release had . [pg-13]
[174]	neg	neg	yes	few greenpeace-friendly scenes of tarzan freeing caged animals , releasing a baby elephant from a trap , and throwing ivory tusks into the river . the movie is also lacking even a remote hint of reality . for instance , when tarzan - who was raised in the jungle - is bit by a cobra , he doesn't even attempt to suck the venom out like any semi-experienced weekend backpacker would do . instead , he ties a tourniquet around his arm and stumbles off into the jungle with no plan for survival . of course , one can't help but notice how fundamentally misleading the title is . not to ruin the ending or anything , but there is no lost city . there is , however , a lost pyramid , which i suppose is all the resource-strapped fx department could come up with ( the special effects are not worthy of a made-for-tv movie ) . which also brings up the question of why the treasure hunters had to slog through numerous underground caverns to get to the lost pyramid , when it's sitting right out in the middle of an open field ? strictly speaking , " tarzan and the lost city " isn't even bad enough to have camp quality , although casper van dien's laughably stiff performance comes real close . this movie proves what " starship troopers " only hinted at : he cannot act , but he sure looks well-groomed , even in the deepest heart of the african jungle . van dien is much too much of a pretty-boy to be an effective tarzan ; he's a calvin klein model in a loin cloth . i also wondered what the make-up department was thinking when it outfitted him with that awful circa-1983 steve perry haircut . waddington makes a decent villain , although he's like a charmless version of belloq from " raiders of the lost ark . " as jane , the ex-model jane march has little to do but smile and look pretty next to tarzan . she does fire off a gun at the evil treasure hunters a time or two , but whenever a snake comes into the picture , she is reduced to a hysterical mess . however , amidst all this complaining , i do have one piece of good news . " tarzan and the lost city " is so lacking in ideas both new and old , that it is unable to fill even an hour and a half of celluloid . so , we can say this much for it : at least it had the decency to be short .
[175]	neg	neg	yes	everything in the phantom you have seen many times before and there is nothing new presented here . wincer displays absolutely no skill in setting up an exciting action sequence . billy zane is wooden as the hero . kristy swanson is given very little to do , and does very little with it . treat williams , looking like rhett butler but sounding like mickey mouse , is one of the worst villains i have ever seen in a movie . only catherine zeta jones , as one of williams cohorts turns in a good performance . she has energy and spunk , which the movie needed much more of . oh yeah , the phantom also has a secret identity but this is so poorly played out you won't even care . about the only things i can recommend are a good performance by jones , and some colorful scenery . however , if youre looking for a fun family movie , go watch the underrated flipper . this is not a good movie .
[176]	neg	neg	yes	to become very endearing characters . celine is rich bitch ; robert is a dullard . as such , it is quite hard for the audience to really connect with these two--then again , they never seem to really connect with each other . when celine and robert start to overtly act on their " feelings , " it comes off more like something scripted than anything natural . but i am not exactly sure if boyle and company's point was romance ; honestly , i am not exactly sure what they were trying to accomplish . boyle juices up the visuals with his characteristic razzmatazz , but it remains just that--energy , not energy in service of a story or even acting . the cast seems lost , especially hunter , whose performance is so adrift as to be baffling . and then there are the many eccentricities splattered onto the film : some violent confrontations involving the angels , who are not exactly angelic--in fact , they end up staging their own ransom scheme ; some mystical hokum in the climax ; and a cutesy claymation epilogue . watching much of a life less ordinary is like being trapped in indie hipster hell , stockpiling quirks in the name of cool . instead , the film just gives quirky a bad name . my best guess as to what the filmmakers wanted to accomplish is an atmosphere of warped womantic ( yes , misspelling intended ) whimsy , which comes through in only one scene : an extended musical number where celine and robert sing " beyond the sea " at a karaoke bar . after a verse or two , the couple are magically dolled up in snazzy outfits and hairdos , and engage in a spirited dance routine on the counter . the scene works not only because of its relative simplicity but also because it does not try too hard , just relying on the innate charm of the leads , allowing them to build a romantic rapport . alas , not nearly enough is built , for this moment comes to an abrupt end . i applaud any attempt to bring something fresh and unique to movie houses , but sometimes even cleverness can reach overkill . a life less ordinary certainly delivers something " different , " but by the time the film was over , i was clamoring for a life more ordinary . " i can accept failure . everyone fails at something . but i can't accept not trying . it doesn't matter if you win as long as you give everything in your heart . " --michael jordan
[177]	neg	neg	yes	even seen yet ( and probably never will except , perhaps , in the dvd edition ) . marshall should take virtually all of the blame here , since he's been at this for some time and should know when a scene or two isn't working . . . and hardly * any * of " the princess diaries " works ( " works , " alas , implies cleverness and there's none of that here either ) . newcomer anne hathaway stars as mia thermopolis , a bright but socially invisible san franciscan teen who learns that her single mom ( a wacky artist played by the likable caroline goodall ) had a bit of a fling with some royal member of some miniscule european country nobody ever heard of ( the filmmakers go out of their way * not * to call it serbia , which is pretty much what all miniscule european countries are called in the movies mark my words ) and now she , mia , is next in line to rule " genovia " ( hence the headphones/tiara combo in the print ads ) . julie andrews , with the luminous factor cranked to 11 , plays mia's grandmother ( aka queen clarisse renaldi ) , who shows up out of the royal blue and lends mia much advice and direction in the eating , talking , and looking like a princess department ( although mia's big makeover simply transforms her from ugly duckling to ugly swan ) . does queen julie lose her dignity for the sake of a good laugh ? not really . consuming a corn dog is about the worst that it gets . also on stereotypical hand are a brainless jock , an evil cheerleader , a dorky-looking best friend ( " welcome to the dollhouse " 's heather matarazzo ) , a sensitive auto mechanic/musician , and marshall mainstay hector elizondo as joe the driver , imparting wit and wisdom from the front seat of mia's chauffeur-driven limousine at every intersection . a non-animated g-rated movie is a rarity these days but the rating here reflects the fact that all the guts , all the good stuff , has been exorcised from the finished product . lame , labored , and lamentable , " the princess diaries " is recommended for eight-and-a-half year olds of the feminine persuasion * only * ; all others would do well to avoid it ( like potholes , the plague , and " the perfect storm " ) .
[178]	neg	neg	yes	to do with the main story . one of the problems , as i said , is that the movie doesn't make any sense . i don't blame this entirely on foley , because he's obviously a good director . i'm more inclined to point my finger at robert pucci's script , which doesn't seem to be in tune to the way normal people act . one scene early on had me particularly annoyed : nick confronts his boss because he's angry about his new white partner . he's shouting and pointing his finger and stepping on the furniture , and i was thinking that i would have fired him if he had done that to me . ( in addition , the film takes a bite into race-related issues , and never develops them at all . ) there are a lot of scenes like this one , and none of them are very coherent . there's also a considerable language barrier , given that chow and some of the other actors have thick chinese accents . the plot itself never straightens out . i'm not sure who or what the fukienese dragons are , or why henry lee is associated with them , or what they do as a group . the corruptor is an action movie , and so all these weird plot developments are decorated with loud and violent action sequences . the sequences aren't bad , but they're not new ; how many car chases through chinatown have you seen ? on that note , how many chinatown cop movies have you seen ? one too many , i'd imagine . foley's strength is clearly in characterization , and he does a pretty good job here . the scenes between nick and danny are very good , and i actually got a feel for their characters ; a bond forms between them that holds parts of the film together . chow and wahlberg are both good actors ; chow is a pro , and can do this kind of stuff in his sleep . wahlberg seems less at home in this atmosphere , but he's still fun to watch . i also liked the subplot involving danny's father ; brian cox's performance is powerful , and his character makes a compelling moral compass for danny . but the film ultimately fails , mostly at the hands of insane incoherence and overly-familiar action scenes . a complicated plot can be successful , but the story needs to make sense when it's over . the corruptor never manages to make any sense -- it just keeps spinning out of control until , finally , there's nothing left to hold on to .
[179]	neg	neg	yes	to horror high , " wants to be a couple different types of movies at once . the film tells the story of a low-budget horror movie being filmed at the closed-down crippen high , a school where a group of serial murders took place five years before . but what the cast and crew don't know is that a real killer , maybe the same one that was never apprehended , is going into action again . on one level , " return to horror high " is a slasher movie , and it is at this level that it works the best on . watching the film , which was made in 1987 , i couldn't help but take notice that the killer's costume was almost identital to that of the ghostface in , " scream , " and " scream 2 . " on another level , the film wants to be a slapstick comedy , and there are many hints of this throughout . unfortunately , most of these jokes fall flat . and the last thing the film wants to be is a " behind-the-scenes " look at an exploitation film being made . the only problem is that , while much of it is supposed to be from the movie itself being made , no cameras are shown filming it , thus making it far more confusing than it had to be . and to top it all off , the " twist " ending makes very little to no sense whatsoever , and so we are basically left with feeling as if we wasted our time . there are story developments that are beyond ludicrous , and plot holes you could drive a winnebago through . if you see the film , or have seen it , you'll know what i mean . the premise of " return to horror high , " is admittedly pretty crafty , and i liked the atmosphere of the school , which is where the whole thing takes place . but director froehlich , judging from this movie , is an incompetent director , except for being able to film the seldom suspeneful scene . well , come to think of it , there is only one scene that is actually scary , and it has to do with two actors being locked in a room as the killer tries to break in . but other than that two-minute distraction , " return to horror high , " is certainly no great shake . note : look for george clooney in a supporting role as one of the actors on the film . and strangely enough , he is the first character to get the ax . . . literally .
[180]	neg	neg	yes	the art of woo attempts to be one of those films like breakfast at tiffany's in which the audience is rooting for some sweet , vulnerable , irresistible woman to work out her problems and to find happiness . the problem is that helen lee who writes and directs seems to have written alessa woo ( played by sook-yin lee ) as neither sweet nor vulnerable and she is quite resistible . alessa is a young woman who happens to be a brilliant art dealer in the toronto art scene . this is some sort of alternate world art scene where people pay tens of thousands of dollars for paintings by talented beginners and dealers in these paintings fly back and forth to places like switzerland . one of the most knowledgeable of the art dealers is alessa . she also happens to be the center of adulation of her friends and every party has suitors camped outside her window . next door to alessa moves struggling genius artist and native american ben crowchild ( adam beach ) . he sees that behind the facade that there is really a sad little girl within alessa who really will not be happy with the rich art collector she is dating . ben gets emotionally involved with alessa . ( as alessa so delicately puts it , " we were bosom buddies , now we're fuck buddies . " ) but alessa will have to decide whether she wants love with ben or wealth with her rich suitor . the real problem with the film seems to be helen lee's inability to decide what she wants to be saying . she undercuts nearly everything she wants us to believe about alessa . alessa is looking for financial security but she makes decisions about large sums of money for her clients . this appears to be a high profile and well-paid job . we are supposed to care about alessa's feelings , but she coldly refuses to visit her own ailing father . alessa cannot be portrayed as sweet and vulnerable if at an art auction she turns into our man flint . this is a charmless romantic comedy that bets everything it has on the appeal of its main character and comes up double-zero . i rate it a 3 on the 0 to 10 scale and a -1 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[181]	neg	neg	yes	capsule : a science fiction allegory . at the millennium a lethal contagious virus has hit taiwan . officials have cut off water and other services to the center of contagion . life there devolves and degenerates . a man in an apartment has a hole in his floor and with it harasses his downstairs neighbor . a slow but harrowing film to be missed if possible . , low -1 ( -4 to +4 ) - the taiwan virus is ravaging taiwan and the part of the city that is the center of the contagion has been evacuated of anyone who will go . one apartment building still houses people . a woman , formerly an office worker , ( yang kuei-mei ) is tormented by her upstairs neighbor ( lee kang-sheng ) who has a hole cut by a plumber in the floor and is using it as a drain . neighbor runs a small failing grocery store . - to make things more depressing , it is constantly raining hard . - upstairs neighbor vomits through , pours water , etc . a small and almost entirely one-sided war starts . allegory about callousness and selfishness . - woman is living on a pile of rolls of toilet tissue . - incongruous songs added to show downstairs neighbors dreams . these are the songs of popular taiwanese singer grace chang . - apartment is falling apart . wallpaper is separating from walls . plumbing is failing . - boredom shown by long cuts in which nothing happens . a lot of film seems to be used up . - this story might have been done much better as a ten-minute animated film . - stars are considered to be great dramatic actors by one reviewer . - this film seems longer at 95 minutes most two-hour films .
[182]	neg	neg	yes	, which is going broke , unless phillip can invent something to save the day . one of the first rules of filmmaking is to make sure the title has something to do with the film . the flubber is played for gags after it is introduced , but is all but forgotten about thereafter . it's obvious phillip is going to accidentally invent flubber , a flying rubber compound that yields tremendous energy , and the promotions make the flubber look realistic and funny . unfortunately , the flubber , like all the special effects in this film , looks very fake and unconvincing . flubber also seems to have intelligence and a personality , and by the time it performs a song and dance routine , you give up wondering how life could spontaneously come to an inanimate object . most of the film wanders aimlessly as it relies on the flubber to make for the comedy ( since phillip's absent-mindedness is forgotten about ) and somehow push the story along . but it's clear how weak this premise is from the get-go and the film just gets worse . all the jokes involve people getting hit by fast-moving , flubber-powered objects including : bowling balls ; flying cars that don't fly well ; and a basketball team capable of jumping 100 feet into the air . it's all presented with complete logic , and no one believes flubber exists even when they see it with their own eyes . during the basketball scene , the coach for the rival team actually says , " i think they might be cheating , " to which the referee replies , " there's no rules about jumping too high . " " predictable " doesn't begin to describe the motions the film goes through , especially after the halfway point . and it's not how terribly contrived the plot is , it's the way it's broken down scene-by-scene , with absolutely no transition . not only that , but all the actors here , especially williams , seem bored to tears . i'd say 80 percent of all the scenes were shot with a bluescreen , so it's almost forgivable when you realize they're talking to nothing and interacting with nothing . it's safe to say everything that could be bad about " flubber " is . the only original element the film has is the world's first romance between a machine and a human . but this aspect is quite twisted if you think about it , and , like the rest of the film , you won't .
[183]	neg	neg	yes	it's supposed to be funny , see ? you see , that person then has their legs swinging in the other person's face as they drive and that distracts the driver , see , and well , that's kinda funny , no ? harumph . . . yeah , well . . . you get the picture ! anyhoo , freddie prinze jr . . . . nuff said . monica potter , a bad career move , but we might forgive you if you keep up the julia roberts bit . the rest of the model girls . . . well , thanks for being there so i had something to look at , but please apologize to the entire modeling community as a whole , for making them all out to be complete imbeciles ! ! so why the three points out of ten , you may ask ? well , it's simple really . one point goes to the russian model girl and that cool accent ( don't ask me why , but it actually turned me on ) . one point goes out to all of the model girls for being in the movie ( nice window decoration . . . natch ! ) . and one last point goes out to the makers of this film , who spared us any long sorted story , and made sure to give us the opportunity of leaving the theatre after only 90 minutes of manufactured garbage , so that we could run out as fast as we can , grab the next person that we see walking down the street and warn them of the devil that is . . . freddie prinze jr . . . i mean , head over heels . you've been warned , good people . ps : didja notice how i didn't even mention rear window once in my entire review ? i didn't want to taint the memory of the classic flick by having it uttered alongside this thing , but then again , i just did mention it , but i guess it doesn't count in the ps section . . . or does it ? ooooh , whatever . . . i have a headache ! ( i think my brain is coming back to life ) where's joblo coming from ? 10 things i hate about you ( 7/10 ) - coyote ugly ( 6 . 5/10 ) - down to you ( 6 . 5/10 ) - save the last dance ( 7/10 ) - she's all that ( 6 . 5/10 ) - the wedding planner ( 4/10 ) - you've got mail ( 5 . 5/10 )
[184]	neg	neg	yes	and soldier , the latest from the beleaguered warner brothers , exemplifies this : the picture lacks pizazz . the star for the vehicle in this case is kurt russell , otherwise known as the man of thirty words or less . russell plays todd , a human trained from birth in the ways of waging war and becoming emotionally distanced from the carnage he has wrought . the movie lets us see this degenerate process , but by the time the real plot starts , we're into todd's later years . he's about to be replaced by a new breed of soldiers , ones who , instead of being trained * from * birth , are genetically selected * before * birth . the pride of this class - caine 607 ( jason scott lee ) - will be our villain , and you know he's the villain because he has a staring contest with our hero near the movie's start . between the two leads , less than a full typed page of dialogue is spoken , and it's possible to imagine a script which is ninety percent stage direction . director paul anderson , who helmed last year's icy thriller , event horizon , doesn't show any inventiveness here and instead is content to let the actions play out on screen ad nauseam . todd , upon being replaced , is left to die on a garbage planet ; but in order to stretch the running time out , the villains return to the garbage planet on a " routine patrol " and set the stage for the final firefight . events are predictable from the time that the setups are made , and neither anderson nor scriptwriter david peoples attempts to show any creativeness here . the most annoying plot facet is the reason that the whole of the movie comes to be : todd fails to show physical superiority against caine - in fact , not even todd and two of his companions can best the baddie - but near the end of the movie he shows remarkable prowess with automatic weaponry . it's not as though todd undergoes any significant character changes throughout the plot of the story , and so the plot has a very canned feeling about it . the best route through this disaster is to take it lighthearted in spirit , and treat it as a parody of typical action fare , like universal soldier . a strict interpretation , however , reveals an unmistakeable and unforgiveable lack of style , class , or substance ; and by next year , a large percentage of the people who have seen this will have taped it off of network television .
[185]	neg	neg	yes	director is filled with vapid actors who read meaningless lines you've heard before . ( " i'm not wearing any underwear , " the bimbo tells the famous sportscaster , max , in what she assumes will be a sure-fire come-on line . ) max , chicago's biggest playboy , decides to get married after a whirlwind love affair with sam , short for samantha . max and sam possess two irritating personalities , and they hold little chemistry for each other or the audience . max is played without any style by david schwimmer . schwimmer , whose acting talent is playing characters devoid of personality , makes an unlikely lover . his costar , mili avital as sam , is cut from the same cloth , so they can be argued to be a matched pair . after all , people of the same intelligence are naturally drawn to each other , ditto for similar looks , so why shouldn't the personality-challenged be attracted ? the implausible plot has max asking his best friend , jay ( jason lee ) , to hit on sam as a test . jay is supposed to try to get her to sleep with him , but stop short of the actual act . max , being promiscuous by nature , worries that his future bride may have the same need to sleep around as he does . the idea of flirting with the beautiful sam makes jay so sick that he becomes unable to eat or work . neither the script nor the actors make this test believable . " the 64 , 000 question is : how do you know you're with the wrong person so you can avoid wreaking havoc on major parts of your life ? " jay asks in one of the unsuccessful attempts at adding some seriousness to the film . finally , there is the film's attempt at physical comedy . jay's ex-girlfriend natasha ( vanessa angel ) becomes infatuated with jay again once she thinks he is going out with someone else . natasha rips jay's shirt open after pushing him down onto the sofa . as she throws her hair on his bare chest , she demands he pull it . this is supposed to be funny ? most films have some saving grace . some bit part was done especially well or some scene managed to be funny even if the rest of the picture wasn't . kissing a fool , on the other hand , has nothing to recommend it . kissing a fool runs 1 : 45 . it is rated r for profanity and sexuality and would be acceptable for most teenagers .
[186]	neg	pos	no	a disgruntled former confederate general , bloodbath mcgrath ( ted levine ) . president grant sends west and gordon to investigate . there's evidence that mcgrath is attending some sort of confederate reunion in louisiana . west and gordon show up and learn that mcgrath is actually working for dr . arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , another disgruntled former confederate . as it turns out , loveless plans to use the combined knowledge of the scientests to create the ultimate super weapon , which he will use to conquer the united states . i'd go further with the plot , but there isn't any point . this film's narrative is little more than a jumbled , unfunny mess . i only laughed at a couple of jokes , and then only lightly . there isn't one truly uprorously funny moment in this film , and that's pretty disasterous when you consider that it's primarily a comedy . as i said , the fault is totally that of the script . when you consider their respective roles , will smith and kevil kline do as good as they could have possibly done . the leads could've been played samuel l . jackson and robert de niro and the film still would've been awful . no one , and i mean no one , can make a line like " bye bye , mr . knife guy ! " sound good . still , this film has a lot going for it visually . the set design is fantastic , maybe even oscar worthy . the cinematogrophy by michael ballhaus ( who was also behind camera in martin scorsese's brilliant " goodfellas " ) , is absolutely stunning . he lends the film a much needed exciting , comic bookish look . i won't fault barry sonnenfeld either . he does a fine job of directing the proceedings , but , like the rest of the people involved with the film , there really isn't anything that he can do to correct its one major flaw . despite being beautifully made , " wild wild west " becomes quite boring after the half-way point . the appeal of the visuals ends long before the film does . if " wild wild west " didn't look so good , it would be almost insufferable . as it is , it's somewhat tolerable , but not very entertaining . it hurts to give such a well made movie a score this low , but there isn't anything much worse than an unfunny comedy .
[187]	neg	neg	yes	this talky , terribly-plotted thriller stars alec baldwin as dave robicheaux , an ex-new orleans cop who gets ensnared in a murder- mystery after a light-plane crashes into the bayou beside his fishing boat . he and his wife annie ( kelly lynch ) rescue a little salvadorian girl ( samantha lagpacan ) from the wreckage and that's when the trouble begins . the other major players include a local drug lord ( eric roberts ) , his scheming wife ( teri hatcher ) , a soused stripper ( mary stuart masterson ) , and a shady dea agent ( vondie curtis hall ) . everyone knows everyone else and it makes for a collective that's curious but never compelling . based on the book by james lee burke , heaven's prisoners is so badly plotted that entire * scenes * seem to be missing . early on , we have no idea of why dave and annie keep the child to themselves . nor how they eluded both the coast guard and the faa . later , dave is reunited with a drug-abuser who appears seemingly clean and sober and without any explanation . huh ? the whole movie is like this , perhaps the result of some unkind cuts that happened during the eighteen months that the film sat on the shelf . whatever the reason , somebody should tell director phil joanou ( final analysis ) to recut this mess . in its present form , heaven's prisoners runs only two hours plus change , but it feels like four .
[188]	neg	neg	yes	, not long into the proceedings i wanted to just reach into the film and strangle them both . i shouldn't have such feelings towards people i like , but their characters are so infuriating that . . . well trust me , you'll feel the same way . even though both of the lead male characters are usually in the wrong , kelley is hands down the more unlikable of the two , simply because his jerkish actions are calculated . he intends to be a jackass each and every time he does it . jasper on the other hand , only reacts to kelley's provocations , and afterwards comes across as being truly sorry for his impulsive actions . but , as in life , nice guys finish last . for the entire film we watch sam fall in love with the guy no one likes while the film's only sympathetic character gets completely crushed . then , a cancer subplot comes into play ( where things get even more infuriating , if you can imagine that ) . what , things weren't depressing enough for you mr . screenwriter ? who greenlit this project ? who " on earth " thought this would entertain anyone ? perhaps if the film had been structured where kelley perhaps felt some remorse after he caused the destruction of property and nearly killed dozens of people . but even after he's destroyed these people's lives he continues to be a snob to them , and ruins one more for good measure . here on earth is available on dvd from fox home entertainment . it contains the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 and is enhanced for 16x9 televisions . extras include jessica simpson's music video for " where you are " , a commercial for the film's soundtrack ( which by the way is the only good thing about the film ) , the original theatrical trailer and five tv spots , trailers for other fox releases ( anna and the king , anywhere but here , the beach , drive me crazy , ever after , romeo + juliet , simply irresistible ) , as well as that new fox promo touting their upcoming dvd releases that i really enjoy . the picture and sound quality on the disc are fine . . . nothing that will challenge anyone's audio/video systems of course . fans of this movie ( if any exist ) should enjoy the dvd release . here on earth is not entertaining nor is it compelling . no joy or entertainment value can be derived from any of the events of the film . it is merely a waste of time , money and talent .
[189]	neg	neg	yes	getting is milked for every single drop of melodrama that the filmmakers could possibly squeeze out of it . it's almost cruel . the melodrama isn't of the entertaining kind either ; it's the hokey , rammed-down-your-throat variety where every emotion is exaggerated to the point of absurdity . witness the villain ferociously grinding his teeth at the final trial or the constant pseudo-saintliness of our four protagonists . the hurricane is your basic courtroom movie except it's a no-frills courtroom movie . it's formula stripped to the bare necessities . you have your wrongly accused black man . you have your melodramatic final courtroom scene . but there's nothing else . you'd expect some sort of involving investigation . but that's not necessary since we're implicitly informed of his innocence . thus the whole middle portion of the movie is reduced to the protagonist brooding . brooding to himself . brooding to other inmates . brooding to lesra . brooding to lesra's canadian friends . brooding in letters . i don't think i'll ever look at brooding the same way again . it wasn't long before i got tired of hearing the hurricane's exceedingly deep meditations on his condition . i wanted something to happen . as for washington's performance in the title role -- i figured i'd have to address it sooner or later considering the amount of attention it's received -- he is top notch , though still boring . how is that possible ? well , he does what jewison wanted him to do perfectly . unfortunately what jewison asked him to do is a load of crap . what a waste of a great performer . speaking of wastes , why the hell did john hannah agree to do this ? he's an extremely talented actor and i love him dearly , but what is he doing here ? to call his character ( along with schreiber's and unger's ) a stick figure would be a gross understatement . all three of them come off as veritable mother theresas , as benevolent as do-gooders come . if they're to play a major part in this movie , why not make them real people , with real feelings and emotions ? look : if you're going to make a formula movie , don't undermine the formula . courtroom dramas can be fun , but this is ridiculous . not only is it trite , it's boring .
[190]	neg	neg	yes	and too much a loner . screenwriter bryan goluboff created the three characters who act as carroll's posse , resulting in a jim carroll who is just as unsympathetic , but now with equally unsympathetic friends . as a film , the basketball diaries may be intended primarily as a cautionary tale , a 100 minute long " just say no " public service announcement , but as drama it is monumentally ineffective because it is impossible to care much about anyone in the movie . jim is sort of a jerk even before he becomes a junkie , but i suppose that his pseudo-sensitive poetry and his devotion to his terminally ill friend are intended to balance that out . perhaps we are expected to see jim as one of those " good kids who falls in with the wrong crowd " that every parent believes his or her troubled child to be ; i saw him simply as part of the bad crowd . without a character who changes in any appreciable way , the basketball diaries rapidly degenerates into a collection of crimes committed by jim and his strung-out cohorts , all choreographed to an oppressively loud soundtrack . director scott kalvert doesn't have many scenes with intrinsic dramatic impact with which to work , so he substitutes silly slow-motion photography , self-consciously funky camera angles and choppy editing . on only one occasion , when a steady pan around a room where jim is trying to detox makes it appear that the walls are closing in , are any of the gimmicks effective . mostly , they just draw attention to how hollow the story is . they also don't allow leonardo dicaprio's performance to be as strong as it could have been . for every impressive moment , like his desperate attempt to get his mother to give him money , there is a scene where kalvert pulls too much of the focus to his own camera theatrics . dicaprio is most effective when he is playing off other actors , particularly a fine sequence featuring ernie hudson as an ex-junkie who tries to help jim straighten out , but kalvert won't let character interaction define this story . he wants to turn dicaprio into a rock star , shooting him in dramatic fashion but denying him the opportunity to do much acting . at isolate moments , the basketball diaries is a fine showcase for dicaprio's talents . far more frequently , it looks like kalvert is trying to imagine what a long form velvet underground video might have looked like .
[191]	neg	neg	yes	thrust to achieve escape velocity , but at least he doesn't try to turn the story into a slasher film or a buddy picture . what he _does_ do is nearly as big a mistake , and that is to provide a running voice-over narration by willis which rings of the standard hard-boiled style of pulp detective fiction . yes , that narration is full of cliches , but those are are not particularly troubling . the problem is that both yojimbo and a fistful of dollars succeeded largely on the inscrutability of their lead characters . they were a mystery , to the other characters in the film and to the audience , their motives never entirely clear even after they have acted , and that quality contributed to their almost mythical status . with john smith's voice chattering on in the background and allowing us into his every thought , he becomes more mundane , just another tough guy trying to stay alive . it feels like a hammett novel , all right , and hill can plead faithfulness to his text for his choice , but it simply doesn't work . the narration allows the man with no name to take us into his confidence , and the man with no name takes _no one_ into his confidence . even if you walk into last man standing as a blank slate , i can't imagine it being much more than a heavily armed minor distraction . willis tones down his macho swagger as the taciturn smith , but there is still a level on which he always seems like he is counting on being tougher than everyone else rather than smarter than everyone else . christopher walken plays doyle's brutal henchman as a slight variation on his gallery of soft-spoken psychos , and there isn't another single character whom makes even the slightest impression . with no compelling antagonist for smith , there is no build-up towards the expected showdown , and when it does come , that showdown is over so quickly you wonder what all the fuss was about . cinematographer lloyd ahern ( who also did the only noteworthy work on hill's 1995 flop wild bill ) creates some nifty sunburned vistas , but his work is only to keep the eye distracted between the spurts of gunfire and the next bit of counter-productive narration . sometimes when someone sees a lackluster remake of a revered original , they'll wonder what all the talk was about . in the case of last man standing , it is those who know the originals who will wonder what all that talking was about .
[192]	neg	neg	yes	do the magic powers come from the crab ? or the fairy godfather ? she can * float * now too ? and all of a sudden , instead of just making dry ice come out of peaches , she can put her emotions into her food ? tom all of a sudden just accepts amanda's " witchcraft " in the end ? would people really dine in a restaurant that resembles life after death in tupac's video ? what the hell is up with that damn crab ? it is unfortunate , because i liked the basic premise of the movie , until it became too fantastical and tiresome . the film seemed to skirt around a serious theme or at least * a * theme for a while , but towards the end it resolved to show us long flashback clips and 5 minutes of people crying at their tables . the humor was good in some places ( nolan gets the funniest bits , including that incomprehensible , totally random thing with the dolls ) . gellar and flannery are qualified actors , and gellar has a particular charm , but i much prefer her playing the saucy buffy ( or even annette in the upcoming " cruel intentions " ) than this sorry excuse for a character . it's almost funny sometimes to see these two trying so hard to make the dialogue sound better than it is , or trying to make the relationship seem more plausible . the supporting character nolan was a highlight , though he reminded me a bit of kevin in " you've got mail " ( see footnotes ) . and , as always , typical of a chick flick / romantic comedy , there's a seemingly endless romantic soundtrack in the background , cued up at all the right places . this sort of got on the nerves after a while , too . " simply irresistible " is not hard to understand , light , funny in some places , and generally disappointing because it can't draw the line between romance and protracted sap , between humor and tired slapstick . and how could i refrain from making a pun ? . . . " simply irresistible " is all too easy to resist . ( first viewing , 2/6/99 ) * did anyone else think this was a tad bit similar to " you've got mail " ( or " the shop around the corner " ) ? business rivals fall in love . female counterpart's business is in danger of being shut down . female as mother- like figure guiding her . the annoying , hysterical ex-girlfriends . * i _really_ like sarah michelle gellar's wardrobe .
[193]	neg	neg	yes	simply too much blood 'n' gore in this film . the first movie worked by never showing us the horror . the witch was a palpable presence in that movie , but we never saw it ; we never saw anything , in fact . the horror was all off-screen , and thus our imaginations worked overtime to envision what it might possibly be . this is the hallmark of a truly creepy and disturbing horror movie . blair witch 2 dispensed with such niceties and went straight for the gross-out . this was evident from the opening scenes of the mad doctors forcing white goo down jeffrey's throat , and continued throughout the film as the audience is treated to occasional confusing and disorienting footage of what appears to be a ritual massacre of some sort . knives plunge into flesh , bloody fingers trail off into the darkness , and none of it is explained until the very end , when it was too late for me to care . this movie didn't stop with showing us the gore , either ; it went for broke and showed us everything . by the end of the movie , there are no questions remaining about the missing five hours . it is all explained ; in fact , it is all shown on-screen in loving detail . i confess to being someone who prefers horror movies in which you never see the monster , or see only brief glimpses , mere suggestions of what the monster is ; it is not because i find the monster so terrifying , but because i find the absence of the monster to be infinitely more terrifying . i have seen interviews with the director in which he suggested that there is no " monster , " that all of the evil was perpetrated only by the human mind . i found this to be a miserably poor explanation ; if it was in fact the director's intent , then he needs to have some words with the writer , because it was not made clear at all . ( i know a lot of people who like to go to parties and get drunk and stoned out of their minds ; none of them has ever gone on a murderous rampage and then experienced mass hallucinations with a group of other people for the next week or so . and if there was no witch , then what about the vanishing tree ? the snowfall of manuscript paper ? hm ? ) blair witch 2 : book of shadows was a horrible movie . from the poorly-written characters to the implausible story to the plot inconsistencies to the gross-out shots , it was a bad effort through and through .
[194]	neg	neg	yes	attempt at a comedy centers on the evil lieutenant governor's ( harvey korman ) attempts to clear out a town so he can buy up the land cheap and sell it to the railroad . he sends his goons to run the townsfolk out . but the town appeals to the governor ( mel brooks in one of many uninspired , and unfunny roles ) to send them a new sheriff to protect them . the governor pawns the task off to korman's character hedley lamarr . ( i can tell you are rolling off your chairs right now just thinking of all the humor in that name . ) lamarr decides to send the town a black sheriff ( gasp ) in the hopes that the town will be so disgusted at the prospect of a black man living among them that they will all just leave . hold on , i've got to stop while these gales of laughter pass . it's just too funny . racism passing as humor -- gosh why didn't anybody ever think of that one before ? oh wait , i think somebody might have -- they are called the kkk . i'm not calling brooks a racist -- but i am calling him an insensitive bastard who wouldn't know what was funny if it hit him over the head . but i digress . anyway , the black sheriff rides into town amid a flurry of townsfolk using the n-word . golly , will the hilarity just never end ? he ends up joining forces with a drunk ( gene wilder ) , who happens to be the former fastest gun in the west . together , they save the day from evil . not one person in this movie gives a decent performance . wilder looks like he is recovering from a head injury for most of the movie , and korman looks embarrassed to be a part of the movie . ok , he really didn't -- but he should have . the films star cleavon little goes along with the black jokes as if they were discussing the time of day . i did not laugh once during this whole sorry experience . i admit to starting to snicker on a couple of occasions . actually , the end started to look as if it was going to have some promise , but alas , it ended up being as crappy as the rest of the movie . i can say with full confidence that blazing saddles has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . mel brooks would be doing the world a favor if he burned every last copy of this film .
[195]	neg	neg	yes	2 days in the valley is more or less a pulp fiction knock off . it basically involves how a bunch of quirky characters in the los angeles area end up having their lives become intertwined in some very unusual ways . i'm not going into much greater detail than that , since it would take forever to explain , and quite frankly , i'm not willing to spend any more time on it than the 2 hours that i've already wasted . while it tries very hard to be pulp fiction , 2 days in the valley falls way short . this is quite a condemnation considering the cast includes danny aiello , james spader and jeff daniels . while the story isn't much , and the dialogue and characters rate only marginally better , 2 days in the valley does have a couple of bright spots . james spader's character , while not much better than the rest , is at least fun to watch in a sick sort of way . and we do get to see a nice cat fight between uber babes teri hatcher and charlize theron ( in her first role ) . you know a movie isn't that good when the highlight is a brawl between two women . even if they are both gorgeous . i will give the writers some credit for the fairly clever ways in which they managed to intersect the lives of this group of characters that would have otherwise never interacted . but marveling at that ingenuity is a far cry from actually enjoying the result . while some of the characters and their respective stories are fairly interesting , they inevitably are brought down as they intersect with the other half of the characters that i really cared absolutely nothing about . if i were to put a number on it , only about half of the story and half the characters in this movie were particularly interesting or otherwise enjoyable to watch . this is the sort of movie that only a huge fan of one or more of the cast members should rent , and even then prepare for disappointment . not even charlize theron being naked would get me to sit through this movie again . or at least not all of it anyway .
[196]	neg	neg	yes	very first time entertaining ) , a stubborn club owner and family problems ( the latter in foolish is a perfect example of roger ebert's " idiot plot , " if everyone here wasn't an idiot , there would be no problem ) so what does foolish have to offer beside a bunch of idiotic character names ? not a hell of a lot . as i have mentioned , master p cannot act or write . he acts like the rapper that he is . the occasional despair that his script requires him to exhibit is excruciatingly forced , as are his warm and fuzzy scenes with his little bro . as for his script -- well , i suppose he delivers what one would expect from a musical artist with no previous screenwriting experience . if you haven't yet figured it out , that is not saying much . co-star eddie griffin ( really the star of the show ) is quite a different story . the fact of the matter is that griffin , whose most significant screen outing to date is probably the mildly successful tv show malcolm and eddie on the fledgling upn network , is an extremely talented comedian , stand-up and otherwise . he has much in common with chris tucker ( rush hour , money talks ) in how quickly and effortlessly his speech flows from his lips . he spouts profanity with impressive dexterity ( to the extent which that can be done ) , and while i hope that does not become his trademark it works in a few scenes in this movie . and indeed , i laughed at a few stand-up scenes here , but from a feature-length movie i expect more . foolish provided me with no reason to care for these characters . every scene which has any potential for dramatic impact is effectively diffused by either a stupid joke ( in a scene where tension escalates between the two brothers , foolish blurts out towards his jewelry-sporting sibling " you lay one hand on me and this cemetary is going to be a gold rush " ) or something even more idiotic such as foolish smashing his own car ( to which i said , a bit too loudly for the occasion " huh ? " ) after getting slightly upset with his wife . believe me when i say that there is nothing in foolish that warrants parting with your hard-earned $8 . you'll get more laughs from watching 30 minutes of comedy central or any virtually any sitcom if you don't have cable . eddie griffin fans may enjoy this derivative ( although offensive ) yarn , but everyone else should stay the hell away . &#137 ;
[197]	neg	neg	yes	a protruding eyeball encased in a jar . the brain exerts its evil influence upon the novelist and his secretary , while his wife disapproves . meanwhile , a loan shark in need of a shave tries to leave his profession . comments : why is this movie called possessed by the night ? it's hard to speculate . most of this film takes place during the day , and the only thing possessing anyone is an icky , pulsating , bubbling brain thingie in a jar . in case you haven't picked up on this yet , possessed by the night is a bottom-of-the-barrel " thriller " ( i use the term " thriller " loosely here ) which is really cheap and bad . the plot , which sounds like a cheesy pulp science fiction story from the 1950s , actually serves one purpose : to exploit nude women as often as possible . writing a movie review for a film like this proves oddly challenging . there's really not much to say . the acting is lousy ; although , occasionally , the attempts at acting are so absurd that they garner a chuckle or two from the audience . most humorous is frank sivero , who plays murray , the novelist's agent . he is so horrible in this role that one can't help but be amused . the plot sucks . nearly half the film is devoted to a loser loan shark who wants out of the profession , even though he has only limited relevance to the movie as a whole . the dialogue stinks . a loan shark , for instance , tells another how much he loves bimbos , which is something the audience really doesn't need to know . everything about possessed by the night is second rate , even the film credits . as the names of the not-so-talented film crew scrolled by at the end , joseph scales came up , credited as being " assistsant to foley artist . " someone could have used an editor ! to be honest , the film is basically an excuse to flash frontal nudity and show some sex scenes . playboy playmate shannon tweed , after all , is the star here . i suppose that if one wanted this sort of thing , he would like this movie . why did i give this turkey two stars and not one ? as a bad movie , it is unintentionally funny enough to keep someone passingly interested in the film . if you feel possessed to see possessed by the night , however , i'd recommend you exorcise this impulse and watch something else .
[198]	neg	neg	yes	the movie , we are already assaulted with segal's acting , ( he is not simply wooden ; he is like a wall ) , gratuitous violence , an incredible plot , sexist and even more gratuitous nudity , and bad lines that obviously were meant as jokes . by the end , it is obvious that hundreds of navy men are no match for thirty armed special forces soldiers . not once in the movie did segal appear worried or undecided , which did not do much for increasing the unexistent suspense . of course , in movies like these , there must be a sidekick , and a love interest . in these one we are given a two for one package in the form of a playboy model ( in the movie ) , which only functions as a supposed comic relief ( by the way of extremely stupid unfunny lines ) , and to have watering eyes and look away every time something bad happens in the movie . oh , of course , she appears naked from the waist up , and , of course , segal kisses her at the end after no development of their relationship ; they did not even seem to be interested in each other . i have never seen so little chemistry between two people in a movie . often , the villain saves the movie ; unfortunately , the villains here are cartoonish , stupid and unfunny , unmenacing . how many movies have psycho ex-special forces bad guys ? too many . i was able to predict the action all throughout the movie , including the moment where the sidekick saves the hero from certain death , the scene where the bad guy can kill the hero but proceeds to explain his plan to him , the scene where we are shown the hero's superiors are stupid , the scene where the bad guy loses his gun and has to fight the hero hand to hand , etc . . . simply said , this is movie-making by the numbers , boring , and potentially offensive in going for the lowest common denominator of the audience . my recommendation : if you go see it , bring a watch . you'll be looking at it for most of the movie . my . rent die hard . read a book . stare at the sky . do not waste your time on this worthless piece of celluloid . the real sad thing is that there are a lot of movies out that i would rather have seen ; once again , dragged in by my friends , which by the way , liked the movie halfheartedly . they probably like wrestling too : - ) .
[199]	neg	neg	yes	in life , eddie murphy and martin lawrence play two young men wrongfully convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison . after about an hour of watching this movie , you begin to realize how their characters feel . fortunately , for audience members there's a chance to escape the nearest exit . this , undoubtedly , is eddie murphy's worst movie and that's an accomplishment . remember the golden child , harlem nights ? compared to life , they look like citizen kane . life is long , predictable , foul-mouthed and only intermittently funny . its 100-minute running time feels like 100 years . robert ramsey and matthew stone's script basically consist of murphy and lawrence referring to everyone around them as " motherf . . . s " or " n . . . . . s . " you lose count how many times both those obnoxious , offensive words are used . and if that all it takes to write a script , than any illiterate jackass can sit at a word processor and compose a movie . but , like life , it will probably stink . to be honest , the screening audience surrounding me in the theater yucked it up . but these were the same people who howled at all the flatulence and fat jokes as well . life is as sophisticated as a belch . it's crude and stereotypical . years ago , movies stereotypically portrayed blacks subservient , second-class people , good for being only maids and servants . for the most part , the lot of blacks and other racial groups have improved . but a new , more insidious stereotype is creeping into movies . in many recent films , through actors such as murphy and chris tuckers , blacks are presented as fast-talking , conniving , scam artists or hip-hop , gun-crazy , sex-crazed youths . both sets of caricatures are demeaning . and the fault does not rest with the actors . they have to eat , too . it is with the people who write the scripts , the studios who green-light the projects and the audiences who accept these portrayals without protest . life's only redeeming virtue is the artistry of makeup legend rick baker who flawlessly ages murphy and lawrence into 90 year olds . otherwise , life is an embarrassment , a blot on the resumes of those associated with it . see it at your own risk .