index   gold    prediction  correct text
[0] pos neg no  . the movie casts several unknowns , with the only real recognizable one being sctv's own eugene levy as a happy-go-lucky dad . the story revolves around four high school seniors who have one goal before the school year gets out- get laid . that's pretty much it . throughout the movie , little sick comic bits are sprinkled throughout , including a memorable scene involving an apple pie ( i won't give it away , but you probably know what it is ) and an internet broadcast gone horribly awry . of course , the movie has some slightly sentimental bits , but they don't drag the movie's humor content down that bad . most of the actors get their job done , but it's levy who's a hoot , a father who tries to talk sex with his son with the help of some curious " visual aids " . i couldn't stop laughing during this movie , and if you can stand all the raunch and the sex references , then american pie is for you . if you're one of those " conservative " types , well , i'll bet you're having fun at home while this , south park , and austin powers ii plays in theatres , now aren't you ?
[1] pos pos yes after all , they were throwing oscars at " titanic " left , right and centre , but gloria was perhaps the most deserving nominee . directing-wise cameron does a spectacular job . like i said , his vision was a bit excessive , but at least he directed it well . i haven't even mentioned james horner's beautiful score . utterly heavenly , though when your dad and sister play the soundtrack a lot you do start to get a bit bored with it ! ; - ) i've finished my rant , which lasted a lot longer than i thought it would ! just leaves a couple of questions ; was it worth all those oscars ? hell , don't talk to me about oscars . bloomin' farce . it was deserving in a number of departments , though . last question ; is it , as some suggest , one of the best films of all-time ? nope , i don't think so . it's certainly one of the most powerful and memorable films i've ever seen , but i don't think it quite ranks as one of my all-time favourites . and as for the fact they're reportedly making a " titanic 2 " ? well i guess that's typical hollywood for you !
[2] pos pos yes across as irritating , yet is also humorous . since he's not a physical actor to the level of jackie chan , he uses his main weapon : his mouth ( hence , the tagline , `fastest hands in the east meets the fastest mouth in the west' ) . while dialogue is not necessarily shakespeare , it is appropriate for the film and still very funny . while not necessarily poignant , attempts at character development and growth between characters come off surprisingly well . lee's `knowledge' of american pop culture ( `that's the beach boys ! ' ) when contrasted against carter's lack of knowledge of chinese culture makes for an interesting scene where lee teaches carter the kung fu disarming trick , while carter teaches lee hip-hop dance moves . while rush hour is not at the same level as police story 3 and 4 ( known in north america as supercop and jackie chan's first strike , respectively ) , it more than makes up for the poorly received films operation condor and mr . nice guy . with its appropriate mixture of high kicks and lots of laughs , it makes for a fun film . as well , it is a true departure from jackie chan films , as it is missing one common element : a whiny female co-star .
[3] pos pos yes rivals thrown together and then the fun begins . this is exactly what happened in this movie , but fortunately , they managed to do it in an interesting and funny way . the movie starts with a quick ( and i do mean quick ) glance of two presidents russell kramer ( jack lemmon ) and matt douglas ( james garner ) . william haney ( dan aykroyd ) and ted matthews ( john heard ) are the new president and vice president . there is a scandal that arises involving a kickback from a contractor and haney is positive that he buried that years ago . he finds a scapegoat in kramer and now everyone wants kramer and douglas dead . this movie was exceptional for many reasons . one being that they found people ( lemmon and garner ) that have good chemisty together . they worked very well as a unit and they mirrored each other perfectly , one being a ladies man and one being the old man ( i'll let you fiqure which is which ) . also , they found people that know their parts as govenment officials well . it seemed to me that garner played almost exactly the same role that he played in the distinquished gentleman ( except then he was a congressman ) . experience counts for a lot ! !
[4] pos pos yes will tell . " the muse " is albert brooks' sixth film as writer/director/actor ( he co-wrote with monica johnson ) and although it's a good movie it's not up to the level of his best works ( " defending your life " and " mother " ) . the problem lies in the script , and for a movie that relies on its dialogue for its humor , there aren't nearly as many laughs as they are chuckles despite a few good one-liners . it has a great premise but doesn't deliver up to it's full potential . but , i like albert brooks in this film and i think that we can all identify with steven phillips a little bit . he may whine and complain , but he just wants to support his family and be happy . and i like sharon stone in this movie too ; it's a nice change of pace for her . and i also enjoyed the cameos featuring the likes of rob reiner , james cameron and martin scorsese . and although " the muse " doesn't have as much to say about hollywood as robert altman's " the player " i still left the theater feeling good . and that's something i wish i got out of more movies .
[5] pos neg no  while his mom runs a gymnastics studio . he's born in connecticut and received $200 , 000 for his role in this film . actor scott caan , who plays football player " tweeder " in this film , is the son of famed actor james caan in real life . that's right , he's sonny's son ! actress amy smart , who plays van der beek's girlfriend in this movie , also played the main star's girl in the 1999 film outside providence ( 6 . 5/10 ) . screenwriter w . peter iliff also had a part in writing the screenplays for the 1992 harrison ford film , patriot games , and the keanu reeves surfing flick , point break . director brian robbins might be best remembered as the " cool dude " from the tv series " head of the class " . his name was eric mandrian and he generally wore a long , black trench coat on the show . the book mox ( james van der beek ) is reading on the sidelines in this movie , hidden inside the team's playbook , is " slaughterhouse-five " by kurt vonnegut , jr . the high school fight song played at the pep rally is the texas a&m war hymn .
[6] pos pos yes in her film debut . why is he stalking her ? check out halloween ii it explains it all . on this unholy night on october 31 , 1978 laurie strode and her two friends are going to have the time of their lives , which is trying to stay alive . the whole film is filled with terrifying moments most coming from just seeing michael myers walk . nick castle who played the shape in the first movie did an incredible job , and no other person in any other halloween flick can do what he did . what john carpenter did in 1978 is made a ground-breaking new film , with scares , wit , and style . the movie is flawless if not perfect . no other movie or sequel has lived up to this one , and in my opinion never will . 'halloween' will be like 'psycho' and still be extremely popular even almost 40 years later . i just hope someday 'halloween' will be released in a new dolby soundtrack with the 4 extra scenes on the dvd edition . 'halloween' isn't just another slice-and-dice horror flick , it's an intelligent , horrifying and best film experience ever made . see 'halloween' and be scared . . . . then watch it again ! reviewed by brandon herring october 7 , 1999 .
[7] pos pos yes , and if there's any deeper meaning to the hell that he's going through . he is absolutely perfect - genuine , sympathetic , sincere , and yet strong when he needs to be . although restricted to a relatively small role , sean penn is also very good as the company's pessimistic seargent . as to how it stacks up to " saving private ryan " - it was my second favorite movie of 1998 , " ryan " was my first . it's really hard to compare the two - they are so , so different - so i won't , beyond saying that spielberg's film had more of an impact on me . however , the two are comparable from the standpoint of quality ( i can easily see why someone would " the thin red line " above " ryan ) . i highly recommend both of them , and consider them to be the two best war movies ever made . all in all , " the thin red line " is filmmaking of an incredibly high order . it's slight faults are easily offset by the sheer brilliance of what is done right . it's a real shame that it tanked at the box office - films this unconventional , powerful , and thought-provoking don't come along very often .
[8] pos pos yes out of place and aren't particularly funny , but at least they're fairly short . the big question about this movie though is : why ? i presume it was an attempt to gain a larger following to keep support behind the series ( rumours of its impending demise circulated for some time before the plug was eventually pulled a few months ago ) , but the format gains nothing from its transition to the big screen -- there are no special effects to dazzle you , no action sequences to keep you on the edge of your seat , and no use of digital surround sound . so , it seems pointless to spend $8 per person to see this movie when in a few months it will be out on video and you can watch it for $3 , and not have to sit in a room full of popcorn addicts . nevertheless , mst3k : tm provides more laugh-out-loud opportunities than any film you're going to see this year , and i thoroughly recommend it to anyone with a pulse . given its uniqueness , i hesitate to grade it against other films , but it fulfils its claims and so in the class of " unsubtle comedy films whose laughs come at the expense of bad b-movies " it does well .
[9] pos pos yes lonely pubs and busy shopping streets -- it also understands the people who inhabit those spaces , viewing them with sympathy scraped raw . an evaluation would be incomplete without highlighting the great timothy spall ( the robust scene-stealer of many a mike leigh collaboration ) . as claire's cuckolded husband , this jocular heavyweight plays out his handful of bitter pill scenes with the unforced menace and self-effacing embarrassment of his imposing bulk . bangs in his eyes , his mouth forming into quizzical pouts and dry smirks , he may seem the fool in his barroom encounters opposite a sarcastic , gleaming mark rylance ( whose jay has arrived on the scene looking to stir up some trouble ) , but spall is no one to trifle with . his overreaching best pal demeanor suggests a mind abuzz with secret passageways of guile , his pointed questions only na ? ve if you choose not to read into their crafty insinuations . in his unassuming way , spall's carefully etched interpretation of hostility buried under a mountain of surface propriety may become one of the most criminally underappreciated performances of the year , but maybe also one of the best . he's that good .
[10]    pos pos yes to know . . . who to do , who to do , who to do " as the song begins . they then sneak out of their house , and along the way they strike a pose and their slumber party pajamas are magically transformed into middle class streetwalker outfits . then they head to a party and dance suggestively with the guys while singing lyrics like " i'll be your pleasure all the time . . . just say the words that you'll be mine " . um . . . what the hell ? what does this have to do with stuart little ? how is this in any way a song suitable for a kids movie , let alone a video suitable for a kids movie on dvd ? when the video concludes , the words " to be continued " appear . oh i can't wait to see who they've slept with when the toy story 2 dvd comes out . kids won't care about most of the special features on this dvd , but those of us who can sometimes be turned into a " kid at heart " thanks to a winning family film sure appreciate them . this is the way to do dvd , a good movie loaded with great features at a reasonable cost . the di$ney people could learn a lot from columbia tristar .
[11]    pos pos yes incarnation of pure evil in human form . unfortunately , the same can't be said for the main leads - among the main trio of mark hamill , carrie fisher and harrison ford , only the last one had the character three-dimensional enough to launch his further acting career . the thing that looked like the most important segment of star wars phenomena during its initial release was the new level of special effects technology . often comparisons with 2001 : space odyssey , another ground-breaking sf film , were citing the sheer number of effects as a proof of the lucas' superiority over kubrick . however , the special effects by john dykstra and john stears are indeed impressive , even after two decades ( although 1997 special edition did improve them significantly ) , yet they aren't the most remembered trademark of the movie . that honour should definitely go to the " oscar " -winning soundtrack by john williams , whose work on star wars is probably the brightest gem in his brilliant career . newer generations of viewers might be somewhat deprived of the enchantment that still holds those lucky enough to witness star wars original release . yet , even if they are immune to the george lucas' magic they should watch this film nevertheless , perhaps only to become familiar with something that is essential part of contemporary culture .
[12]    pos pos yes the future heavily " warning . the changes between the present and the past , such as different newspaper headlines or people disappearing and reappearing in photographs , are very similar . both are also wonderful feel-good family films that can attract to a number of generations . the only difference worth noting is that frequency's final scene doesn't set up a possibility for a lucrative sequel already in the making . there are some problems with the film though . first , there is a major flaw in the story towards the end that is somewhat distracting ( email me if you have seen the movie and want to know what i think it is ) . the plot must have confused even the filmmakers who frequently ( no pun intended ) switch from 1969 to 1999 while telling the story . another problem is that the supporting cast , including noah emmerich and andre braugher , are underused . while in the film , which is not enough , the aforementioned actors steal every scene they are in . frequency was a pleasant surprise for me and the audience i saw it with who cheered at the end . even if you know what is going to happen or if you think the preview ruined the movie for you , like it almost did for me , check this movie out . you may be surprised as well .
[13]    pos pos yes scored by someone else . as it stands , the use of goblin's music in suspiria is outstanding . apparently , argento played the soundtrack on location while filming so the actors could hear the music as they acted out their parts . a stereo video player adds greatly to the viewer's overall experience . even better , see suspiria in a cinema , where you'll get the added bonus of widescreen . and the colours ! deep reds , eerie blues , a superb use of shadow and contrast . the cinematography of luciano tovoli , whose more recent credits include reversal of fortune and single white female , is uniformly superb . a nod also must go to production designer giuseppe bassan for his wonderful baroque interiors . these kinds of settings are crucial to the atmosphere of argento's more surreal excursions , the other most notable example being inferno ( 1980 ) on which bassan also worked . suspiria is the film that broke dario argento into the major league of european directors , and it is fully deserving of its cult status . the gore is at times a little excessive and overstated - that's always been one of argento's shortcomings - but overall this is a fascinating , compelling example of italian horror .
[14]    pos pos yes that's clever , " and then think the same thing about how the film induced us into that wonderful feeling of catching on . although tarantino isn't afraid to drag out a shot for dramatic effect , it unfortunately works to varying degrees in this film . there are shots where a character is simply driving , and we watch this person and somehow get an idea of what is going on in his or her head . this is a tribute to both direction and acting . however , there is at least one other scene where we follow jackie through a mall , and she is looking for something ; desperately looking for something . we get the idea of the frantic nature of her search , but we follow her for so long that we end up not really caring about what she's looking for , but instead hoping she'll just stop . overall , viewing jackie brown is time spent well . some flap has already been made about the language used in the film , but it's really not much worse than many of the other movies out there today . in fact , one might even be able to say that the way in which these " offensive " words are employed almost cause them to parody themselves and therefore transcend their own offensiveness . go see the film and see what i mean .
[15]    pos pos yes 7 . ) a positive note is that the studio has avoided any segment which is as perversely dark as nihgt on bald mountain upon which the original film ended . there are some images based upon fantasy such as the flying whales in respighi's pines of rome or images which have their roots in mythology such as the ethereal creatures which tell the story of nature's cycle of life , death , and rebirth in igor stravinsky's firebird suite . but the stories they tell are uplifting , containing nothing too frightening for our younger children . the darkest segment , spiritually speaking , actually belongs to the only holdover from the original fantasia , mickey mouse in the sorcerer's apprentice by paul dukas . but overall , the emotions evoked from fantasia 2000 are positive ones , being full of hope and promise . music has an impact which can be undeniably felt , capable of leading the listener to emotional peaks and inspirational highs simply not attainable through other mediums . it is no wonder that the levites , as the priestly tribe of the old testament , were also the appointed musicians . if fantasia 2000 is able to introduce a new audience to music which inspires and exalts , it will have done an incredible service .
[16]    pos pos yes of the mountains of tennessee . here little tree learns an almost magical appreciation for nature and farm life - - and experiences beautiful and wondrous things such as the sunrise . everything is miraculous to a child . but it all comes crashing down for the boy when the u . s . government forcibly takes custody away from grandpa and grandma , and forces little tree to attend the notched gap boarding school , a kind of internment camp where multiracial cherokee kids are indoctrinated to dress , pray , speak , and think like white people or face solitary confinement and corporeal punishment . through his childhood experiences , little tree learns lessons about love , race , life , death , people , nature , and folk wisdom . opinion : this excellent , excellent family movie . it is one of those priceless screen gems that nobody knows about because it's not highly advertised . you won't find any formula schlock , cutesy characters , canned spirituality , sequel teasers or commercial tie ins , but you will find the education of little tree to be a refreshing , impeccably acted , original , wonderful , and touching film . take the whole family and bring a box of tissues for the tearjerkers . this one's as good as old yeller .
[17]    pos pos yes film ( which makes the formulaic additions all the more regrettable ) . the animation is on par with some of disney's best . the story itself is interesting , and the action scenes are awe-inspiring . the musical score to the film is enjoyable , though , as has been the case with disney's recent work , the songs are mostly forgettable . at least , we're only subjected to four of them this time around . mulan boasts the highest death toll of any disney cartoon to date . most of the killing is off-screen and it's all highly depersonalized ( there's nothing to compare with the death of mufasa or bambi's mom ) . there's nothing graphic , and the film resides snugly inside a g rating . children will probably have more questions about the restrictive ancient customs than of the slaughter of armies . it's ironic that a film concerned with bucking tradition is hampered because of its strict adherence to disney tradition . if the filmmakers had the guts to lessen the humor , ax the compulsory songs , and remove the obligatory ( and somewhat unrealistic ) romance , they could have had a classic on their hands . instead , they merely deliver a very good time at the movies .
[18]    pos neg no  when you know about the film . also provincial americans may not care about the end of the world coming to toronto . they probably would feel it would not affect them . perhaps a pbs release would be possible . - patrick's family has declared it christmas and are hurt that the ( adult ) children will not spend the whole evening with them . - grocery stores mostly looted . it seems though that one of everything is left . - some people continue business as usual , some want sex , some react with religion , some riot . some people are in total denial . - much comedy , much drama . - very canadian cast . - it does not get dark . it is just always daytime . - radio playing " last night i didn't get to sleep at all . " how appropriate . - david cronenberg as a kind of bland functionary manager at the gas company . genvieve bujold as french teacher visiting former student . - science fiction film with no special effects , cost about two million dollars . - the person you have been thrown together with by chance becomes the most important person to you for the rest of your life . - why would it be so precisely at midnight ? what about other time zones ? what is the nature of what is destroying the world ?
[19]    pos neg no  the best of her situation , josie stays there and begins making the rounds at the local bars . one night , she meets a stranger named cole ( peter greene , finally getting a meaty role ) . they have dinner together , and eventually , both josie and the audience start to realize that cole is homicidal . after learning that she is not happily married , cole offers to " take care " of the problem . managing to escape from the psychotic maniac , josie returns home and starts a reconciliation with her estranged and very wealthy husband . but then one night , cole shows up . . . and here is where the fun begins . from this point on , it's going to be a no-holds- barred cliche-fest , ripping off every movie from strangers on a train to the usual suspects . this is why most critics panned this movie when it first came out . and for the most part , they're right ; the rich man's wife has nary one original bone in it's body . but who cares ? if you're looking for good ol' dumb suspense movie , you can't do much better than this . and if you suspense buffs aren't already sold , it has a killer of an ending too .
[20]    pos neg no  is an elaborate story complicated by confusing holes . why do these aliens feed on souls ? if they can pass through bodies and ships , how can humans hurt them with guns ? what is so special about the " spirits " that they would create a force strong enough to destroy the aliens ? worse yet , the dialogue is scripted to be either like a science-heavy star trek episode , an installment of die hard , or a sappy love story , depending on who's doing the talking . for the most part , it's bearable considering the genre , but tedious speeches and cheesy lines don't do anything to help the actors and can get annoying in the longer scenes . the only exception is steve buscemi as pilot neil fleming , who always has great cracks during tense moments . but , when the lights come up and the credits roll , you're more likely to be remarking on how fantastic the film looked . there's no question that the roughly 33 million people who have bought at least one final fantasy game will be eager to see this movie , and so should anyone who enjoys being floored by the best cg animation ever put to film . you'd be living in a fantasy world of your own if you expected much more .
[21]    pos pos yes ( except for one which lingered in my mind for quite a while ) . amazingly , with all the wars and romance going on , the screenplay manages to include some surprising governmental issues . in fact , these governmental changes seem fairly plausible , and this adds another layer to the story . the moral debate of the characters is quite surprising to find in a film of this genre , but what is even more surprising is the amount of humor included into all the carnage . i haven't laughed this loud , even in some comedies . oh , and the special effects are first rate . starship troopers is rated r for graphic sci-fi violence and gore , and for some language and nudity . believe me when i say this : don't take young kids to see this film . it is extremely violent . in fact , it is probably the most violent film out this year . however , if you are old enough ( over 17 ) to see it , starship troopers is guaranteed to entertain . it's been a long time since i have cheered for the heros , while also cheering for the bad guys . and still , it is my dream to see a sci-fi film in which the alien race destroys mankind , and take over the world . now that would be entertaining !
[22]    pos pos yes proudly indeed . at one point , the title character declares that " instead of trying to save women from the sex trade , we should be working to ensure that the sex trade is a safe place for women to work " . the direction by cynthia roberts is daring and subversive . roberts is not afraid to plunge the otherwise straight-ahead and simple narrative into extended and extremely avant-garde montage sequences . the love scenes between the women are especially beautiful . the musical score by nicholas stirling blends cool jazz and lounge stylings , while the skilful cinematography by harald bachmann terrifically captures a blend of garish 70's porn and psychedelia . amazingly , this film appears to have received a good deal of its funding from a variety of canadian government cultural agencies . this speaks volumes towards the importance of state funding for culture , as one cannot imagine such an entertaining , original and vital film being made in a traditional setting where conformity and formula rule the day . bubbles galore seems to be making the film festival rounds and does not , at present , appear to have any traditional distribution in place , so keep your eye on the alternative film listings for this one . it's funny , sexy and subversive . and it shouldn't be missed .
[23]    pos pos yes suggested . but this would take away from the satire and its strengths . with food gags all over the place , the film lets you have it . and what fun it is . worth seeing . ( editorial ) the director of this film , juzo itami , died shortly after the film was finished , and he left behind a legacy of comedy and satire that is rare , and uncompromising . we would wish that he had been able to make one about film making , of which he must have had a few stories to tell , but we will have to do with much of the japanese society , and its many errant ways . . . . not to say that these things do not happen anywhere else . . . . america is no less guilty of any of these subjects at all , should anyone have the guts to tackle it . . . we could learn something along the way , too . . . . worth seeing , specially , is a taxing woman and its follow up a taxing woman returns . the funeral is also good , although not as funny as the later films . tampopo is also very enjoyable . all four of these films are available in video , which means your best local site for foreign film may have them . . . ask for it .
[24]    pos pos yes the simple reason that practice makes perfect . his last two movies were almost like practice and this one was great . like rumble , this film is about the mafia , the former kgb . now chan must do battle in the freezing arctic temperatures of the ukraine against a group of very large bad men . the trailer for the film sums it up quite well . first strike is action-packed , but the fight scenes are so fast and furious , they almost have a witty , italian-like humor to them . jackie chan is a regular comedian . well , he's no eddie murphy , but he can really crack you up . for example , he is hanging off a roof and he humorously taunts his foes to come and get him , as he claims to be the korean 007 ( that's secret agent james bond ) . even the plot to this film improved above the others , as a sort-of twisted nuclear-weapon smuggling deal is botched and jackie takes the blame . but never fear , as the chinese mafia aids him in uncovering the truth behind the incident . with some of the most high-flying stunts and side-splitting comedy , first strike is a sure-fire hit that's guaranteed to draw some major , world-wide attention . ,
[25]    pos pos yes and then say she believes in aliens , which are gereally less believed in than god without sounding like a hypocrite ? that's the catch-22 . when aliens from the star vega fax her some plans for a device to transport someone to them ( okay , well , they didn't really * fax * them . . . ) ellie wants to be the one to go , but because of her atheism she is denied the position . how dumb is that ? she discovers the transmitions , then she isn't allowed to go . well , because of a bomb and a psychopath ( jake busey ) , she * does * end up going , but not in the way that we would've thought . contact is based on a novel by carl sagan , who died during the filmmaking . it is the best alien movie since close encounters of the 3rd kind , and will end up being the best film of the year . its views of science and religion will no doubt aggrivate some , but will stimulate more . i'm glad at least one movie of the '90s can portray aliens in a psitive light , rather than a bunch of slimey beasts who will eat your insides and then put on your body .
[26]    pos neg no  lady sophie horfield , ethel barrymore got a nomination for best supporting actress -- the film's only nomination -- for an inconsequential part with which she did little of merit . ( so the big question is when does hitchcock make his obligatory walk-on ? at 37 minutes into the film , he leaves a train station carrying a large musical instrument case . don't miss it . ) in the second half the story finally comes alive when it gets into the courtroom . the great master shows his hand there as the tensions build as rapidly in the second part as they lay fallow in the first . watch how the camera angles are sometimes from the back and other times from way on high to set the exact tone for the trial's action . as anthony explains it , the simple case has only 3 possibilities : mr . paradine poisoned himself , mrs . paradine did it , or the valet did it . the end includes many devastating revelations and some nice twists so it is too bad the first half is so languid . the paradine case runs 1 : 53 . the picture is in black and white . it is not rated but would be pg for mature themes and would be fine for kids around nine and up if they are interested .
[27]    pos pos yes the tightrope between acting and overacting . roth makes us believe that wayland is both as brilliant and as troubled as he's supposed to be . the other two leads , chris penn and michael rooker , aren't as effective . both play their characters like familiar types . penn's performance is uninspired ; rooker's lacks subtlety . some of the best work is turned in by the supporting actors . renee zellweger , in a role that's miles away from her star-making turn in jerry maguire , brings a note of vulnerability and humanity to a part that could easily have become a caricature . rosanna arquette is solid as kennesaw's wife , and michael parks delivers several wonderful scenes as a psychiatrist who's entrusted with evaluating wayland's condition . one of the best things about deceiver is that it never talks down to the audience . plot points aren't hammered home , and , although the ending has its weaknesses , everything isn't spelled out in bold letters . the pates give audience members credit for having brains , which is an increasingly rare characteristic for film makers . occasionally gripping and never uninteresting , deceiver is a fine noir effort .
[28]    pos pos yes perfect match for rose dewitt bukater ( kate winslett ) . she grows to love jack , but seems unable to escape the slimy clutches of her arranged fiance' , cal hockley ( billy zane ) . the film takes its time , and by doing so , makes us care about its characters , and shows us the full aspects of human emotion . the leads shine ; there is no bad performance ; in fact , these do not seems like performances at all , but genuine people , trapped on the doomed vessel , facing certain death . watching this film , i was amazed at how vivid and real these situations feel : the time rose and jack spend together at a third-class-party ; the naivety that jack feels when he skecthes rose nude ; the terror felt by all onboard , as certain doom turns people into both cowards and heroes . this , the most expensive movie ever made , $200 million , is destined to make its profit back , and then some . it also has more emotion and warmth than any other film this year . . even this decade . it is also yet another first : the first $200 million dollar romance , and every critic in this country will agree that it was indeed , money extremely . . very . . well spent .
[29]    pos pos yes do too much for them , but they do get their song played on the radio . eventually , mr . white of playtone records approaches the group , and he informs them that they want to release a record . before you can say " billboard " , the band is now renamed " the wonders " and the members are speeding their way to fame . the gigs are getting better , their fame is increasing , and they have the fastest selling album in playtone records history . the band is invited to appear in a feature film , and , they then fly out to hollywood to appear on television . after the appearance on television , things start to fall apart . two of the members of the band pretty much disappear , and things are not working out well between jimmy and guy . will the band work it out , or will they split up and go on their own separate journeys towards success ? that thing you do ! , complete with a nifty original song that actually sounded authentic , is a fun and enjoyable movie that , although it doesn't become clear if it wants to be a comedy , drama , or romance , is a well-made look into the world of music . tom hanks' directorial debut was a good one and should lead to more work for him .
[30]    pos neg no  , was original , offbeat , and well-made . it's one of those cool little finds that no one seems to know about . i've subsequently found it at most video rental places i visit , and it may be seen , on occasion , on the independent film channel . the first hour of mute witness is extremely tense , as billy , the quite believable mute heroine , sees members of the russian mob brutally kill a prostitute while filming an illegal snuff film . the rest of the film takes good advantage of billy's vulnerable position as a mute foreigner in moscow being pursued by powerful criminal figures . to throw a curveball into the fray , billy's sister karen and her filmmaking beau become bizarre figures of comic relief to offset several violent sequences in what are some genuinely funny scenes . a disappointingly trite ending and occasional comic blunders are the only two things which mar this otherwise suspenseful film . look for alec guinness ( obi-wan kenobi from the first star wars trilogy ) in a small role as the evil reaper . definately check this movie out ; although , as a word of warning , it does contain several scenes of rather grisly violence which certainly aren't for the squeamish .
[31]    pos pos yes 8 year old david colin jr . ) is somehow involved in the strange goings on . to reveal any more of the story would be unfair . suffice to say that this artfully paced study of a woman suffering a nervous breakdown offers an intriguing plot , loads of atmosphere and solid acting , though the dialogue is somewhat weakened by the dubbing into english . bava coaches a surprisingly good performance from the usually wooden daria nicolodi , wife of famed italian horror director dario argento . her character is invested with sufficient depth to allow the audience real empathy with dora's troubled soul . the music by italian ensemble libra is also effective , mixing odd-sounding 70's rock with classic gothic piano sequences . and there is at least one moment - brilliantly engineered by bava - that is guaranteed to lift you ten feet out of your chair . yet for italian horror , the bloodletting here is surprisingly minimal . lamberto bava and francesco barbieri's script is more concerned with deeper , psychological terrors , with themes of guilt and suffering , with the notion that what we sow will shall - somewhere , somehow - eventually reap . scholars of the genre take note : beyond the door ii is stylish , chilling , and essential .
[32]    pos neg no  effects are almost slapped together , which is surprising when given the amount of time the film was given to be released ( the film's release date was pushed back multiple times ) . scenes with computer generated blood look extremely fake , knocking the believability factor down a few notches ( but then , i'm really hard to impress ) . the film's r rating comes from gory violence , but the lack of realism made me wonder why it got such a rating ( for realistic violence , watch " saving private ryan " ) . the overuse of cgi in films has made me yearn for the days of director george romero and makeup wizard rob bottin , both pioneers in the art of gore without extensive use of cgi . still , scenes involving non-cgi special effects do surface ( and look much more impressive ) , such as one particularly gruesome scene where a vampire tries to use blade's sword without deactivating the " anti-theft device " . wesley snipes is the saving grace behind what would have otherwise been a muddled mess . while not talking much , he is a grand physical presence , leaving other comic book superheroes in the dust . a decent ( by comic book film standards ) storyline also helps .
[33]    pos pos yes his role . robert de niro is actually a little annoying at times , but overall he does a good job as one of ordell's perspective clients and friends . robert forster gives one of the best performances in the film , as he has one of the most developed characters . he is present throughout most of the film , and he holds his own against jackson and grier . jackie brown is rated r for language , sex , violence , drug use , and some offensive remarks . as a film by itself , jackie brown is a terrific piece of entertainment , with a complex plot to draw viewers in . however , one can not help but compare it to tarantino's pulp fiction , and expect great results . when compared , it comes up short , but not that short . it's a worthy effort , with terrific acting and some impressive writing from elmore leonard and tarantino . perhaps the best thing about jackie brown is the discovery of pam grier as a major hollywood actress . i can't remember seeing her in anything ( except for a small role in mars attacks ! ) , but hopefully she will get many more roles from this one . expect to see her name floating around the oscar nominations ( and hopefully she will even be able to nab one ) .
[34]    pos pos yes close ; from stripping barns and houses to lifting up livestock ! jan de bont once again proves his visual abiility ( thanks to his years of experience as a director of photography for action films ) for action sequences . like his previous film speed , the tornado sequences ( which are essentially the action sequences ) are well visualised and edited . audiences will be holding tight to their chairs everytime a tornado comes on screen ! the surround sound effects sure does help a lot in stressing the terror of a twister ! ( the cinema must at the very least support digital sound to fully appreciate this ) twister is definitely an effect-dependent movie . now that id4 fever has begun to reside , and people are getting bored of watching will smith whoop et's ass for the umpteenth time . . . . . . twister is your sure bet of 7 bucks well spent ! watch it in a good theatre . . . please . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[35]    pos neg no  lens . criticism has been levied against the liberties " the hurricane " takes with the truth of what really happened to carter , and much of it is deserved . for example , the film gives us a boxing scene showing carter pummeling defending champ joey giardello , only to be screwed by the judges , who ruled giardello the winner . most accounts of the fight , however , have carter losing fairly . furthermore , much of carter's criminal past is conveniently left out of the film , and just why he was convicted again in his second trial is never really explained . of course , " the hurricane " works mainly as a fable , so digressions from the truth can be excused at least partially , but even dismissing such issues don't remove one fact : " the hurricane " is a highly flawed film . only one actor could have made a schmaltzy , predictable picture like this work as well as it does , and it's a good thing " the hurricane " has that actor . carter has been quoted as saying , " denzel washington is making me look good , " but he's not the only one . washington makes this film look good . denzel washington's " the hurricane . " sounds pretty good to me .
[36]    pos neg no  the use of bill clinton , however , should give anyone pause . first of all , lifting the image of a sitting head of state and inserting him into a fictional story line , thus using his words outside of the context in which they were spoken , is just plain creepy . also , using the real president places this film between 1993 and 2001 , forever dating it . people watching this film in the future will say , " hey , this never took place during clinton's term . " this bit of unreality will jar people out of their suspension of disbelief . also , the level of technology portrayed in the film is too advanced to take place before the first decade of the next century . better to have had a fictitious president played by an actor or no president at all . the film does raise an interesting question , although it never develops it in a satisfying way . if we were picking an emissary to send to an alien culture , would an atheist be automatically disqualified just because ninety percent of the population of the world professes a belief in god , or at least some form of supernatural creator ? personally , i would hope not , since religion is basically an opinion , a form of ideology . i would not want any form of ideological test for such an import task .
[37]    pos pos yes a two-headed mutated amfibium . scenes like that have become a trademark for cronenberg and it seems that he can't make a film without flowing blood and foul creatures . the way i see it , this is the film's crucial failure . it is impossible for cronenbergto create a beautiful world where time , space and problems of our everyday life do not exist ; a place of blooming blossoms , green forests and clear waters ; a place really worth sacrificing your life for . because of its lack of three dimensionality , the film looses most of its possibilities , but stays afloat because of some interesting scenes , amusing performances ( especially by willem dafoe ) and one interesting and important thought , depicted in many different ways throughout the movie . during the film , the audience is as confused as the characters : detached from their everyday existence and no longer able to see the difference between the real world and the alternative reality that they have created . " the matrix " , despite of its many dark and disturbing thoughts , ends with a light at the end of the tunnel . " existenz " does not . it is a one time experience , ending in blood , gore and madness - a rather frightening forecast for tomorrow .
[38]    pos pos yes had with the film is the way in which mills and sommerset are lead to a suspect . let's just say it seems a little too " mystery movie , " or too convenient in other words . when they are led to a suspect by the name of john doe , a terrific chase scene ensues . this is a typical thrilling element , but it works perfectly here because of the process of the story . if anything , this film is the epitome of twist endings . i don't have to tell you mills and sommerset finally catch the criminal , but the way in which this happens is surprising . there is a scene of intriguing philosophy between the killer and the detectives , and even though he's obviously insane , his charisma makes for some good points . what's even more surprising is the last few scenes themselves as the suspense comes to a terrific climax as the film's resolution comes down to a question of what justice really is . " seven " is not just a film about crime , but about the evil within man . john doe felt he was doing society a favor by ridding it of " scum . " but as justified as he makes himself seem , we must never be tempted by such twisted ideals of justice .
[39]    pos pos yes may seem to be ( if it were , it'd be extremely out-of-touch ) , but about those who want to be celebrities , and how they equate celebrity-hood with happiness . we never get close enough to the actual celebrities to see if they're really happy ( they may appear to be on the surface . . . ) , but we do get close enough to lee and davis' character . lee is obsessed with the phenomenon , while davis takes is at arm's length , and never gets too involved in what it is , and soon becomes one herself . besides , it's witty , and it does have the one thing that no other film has but allen's : that great woody allen feel . it may be not exactly fresh and lively or totally brilliant in its depiction of its subject , and yes , as a part of woody allen's oeuvre , it's merely a blip ( no " annie hall " but it's no " shadows and fog " either ) , but it goes to prove that no one can make a film like him , and only he and maybe godard could possibly take a totally horrible metaphor , like the one in the beginning , and make it work not once but twice .
[40]    pos pos yes christ is confused between love and violence , and the film = merely tells us jesus is great , instead of showing us his greatness . the film is also overlong . it just drags in the middle , with = nothing truly happening . christ is a confused figure , in the sense that = the audience doesn't know who he really is . schrader forgets to give = jesus a message , to show that he truly is the messiah , to give him the = divinity . without that , he is a rambling prophet , who the audience = themselves do not believe . there are several moments of accidental = hilarity , and most of them occur when jesus is attempting to preach . = there are moments of brief awe and power , followed by moments of = confused hilarity . that said , the controversial temptation sequence is something to = behold . it is a step in an unexpected direction , one that leaves the = audience puzzled , until the arrival of the disciples . it is a simply = breathtaking scene , with jesus about to die as a mortal . it is truly = one of scorsese's finest moments . it is unfortunate that scorsese = couldn't make a film about christ as powerful as that one scene . =20
[41]    pos pos yes definitely no schindler's list . the battle scenes are intense and realistic , but some of the attempts at sincere emotion aren't . the movie's bookends are particularly cheesy and out of place , when an old private ryan goes to the cemetary with his family and bawls his eyes out , whining , " tell me i've led a good life . tell me i'm a good man . " spielberg was apparently following the james cameron line of thought that any three-hour movie about the past should be framed by a self-contained prologue and epilogue that takes place in the present . much more effective are subtler scenes , like the one where several of hanks' men are rifling thrugh a bag of dogtags from dead soldiers , and they make light of what they're doing by pretending they're playing poker . this while an airborne division marches by , their eyes full of that mound of dogtags . by not explicitly pointing out that it symbolizes the random poker game that life and death can be in war , the audience gets the message . and even if it's not a classic , saving private ryan is definitely one of the better war movies out there .
[42]    pos pos yes a small amount of color and personality is sketched into each man , and the performances are good enough to make this method work . although the characters are somewhat typical , the actors maintain control over the material at all time . whether they're arguing with each other , telling stories of back home , or fighting the germans , they never go overboard and always seem believable . sure , there's a zinger here and there , but war doesn't change the fact boys will be boys . if and when one dies we too can feel the loss , even though we hardly knew them . the final act brings the story full circle with another tremendous , violent battle sequence . private ryan has been found , but facing four to one odds , can the americans defeat the germans and keep ryan alive ? that's not a premise for thrills , it's symbolic of everything the film has worked for . it would be wrong to say the film has either a happy or sad ending , it ends the way it must end . i remember reading a " calvin & hobbes " comic strip where calvin asked his dad something like , " dad , how do armies of men killing each other solve problems ? " " saving private ryan " is the adult version of that question .
[43]    pos pos yes very funny and foul-mouthed , which is surprising to hear betty spew words and phrases that are pretty bad , but funny . to me the movie came off as a spoof of jaws . with the opening sequence , and some others , it is not original and is . when you watch this movie , you definately notice the smartness and cleverness of it . david e . kelly who is the mastermind of the practice and ally mcbeal , writes this movie with ease and surprisingly does a great job . the characters have smartmouths , two foul , and some great one-liners . but believe me , don't take 'lake placid' too seriously or you won't like it . but it is a movie that can be enjoyed as a fun 'popcorn' type movie . but i guess it rates above the 'popcorn' rating . sit back , watch the movie , laugh , scream , and whatever you want . even though the movie is r , and i put violence and gore . there's really not that much gore , but what there is might seem kinda gross to some . 'lake placid' is a smart , clever , funny , and scary movie that i enjoyed and i think you will too .
[44]    pos pos yes to him ( birth certificate , drivers license , and even the literal removal of his fingerprints ) . james edwards no longer exists . meet agent jay . agent kay takes the rookie jay under his wing as they go about " regular " duties . eventually a far more treacherous event comes into play . a " bug " has landed on earth and is going to wipe out mankind if these two don't ( or can't ) stop it . the plot isn't exactly clear , but we know it has to do with a galaxy as big as a jewel or marble being sought after on earth , and that is crucial that the mib find it before the " bug " does . barry sonnenfeld , who also did the addams family films , directs this nicely . it's fun , it's funny , it's action-packed . a nice summer blockbuster as it rightfully turned out to be . this is one of those movies that is just " fun " and can't really be summed up any nicer or clearer . will smith and tommy lee jones both do great jobs and both are a blast to watch . definitely one of the best films of the the summer of '97 , men in black comes highly recommeded from me !
[45]    pos pos yes audience , since his point of view is not too hard to understand . the film is elegantly shaped . the scenes are easily floating into each other and the film never seems overlong . zwick knows exactly how to provoke tension , horror and emotions and does it with a rarely observed professionalism . he tightens the intensity as the events progress . and when a plot twist comes , it actually is surprising . it is not a film drained in patriotism , like the work of roland emerich . nor is it a film that portrays explosions purely for entertainment values . it is a daring picture that has courage enough to undertake such a risky story and difficult journey . it has courage enough to get involved in politics . it questions our foreign policies , mentality and defense . i must admit that it ends rather disappointing , as the director turns the patriotism way up and innovation down . but despite of that , it is certainly an intelligent and thrilling film that provokes emotions and thoughts ; a virtue that few summer films can boast of . " this is the u . s . army . it's a broadsword , not a scalpel . believe me , you do not want us in an american city " - gen . william devereaux , " the siege "
[46]    pos pos yes that he has to kill keaton because keaton is about to kill someone else . alas , movies these days generally have no such ambition to pull the audience's strings in ways which might make the uncomfortable . despite a few silly moments ( and one or two really stupid ones ) , the good things about " desperate measures " outnumber the bad . the main highlight would be keaton's performance . the character could have easily been an overacting , scene chewing freak , but keaton underplays it nicely . he's not as menacing as he was in " pacific heights " or even as menacing as he was in " batman " ( yes kids , batman used to be a dark character ) , but you certainly get the idea that he's evil . even the final scene of the film , which normally i would just hate , seems strangely appropriate for this film . so much so that i didn't mind it in the slightest . and another bonus : the film takes place in san francisco , which usually means a car chase on those hills that you've seen a billion times before . and for a moment , it looked as though it was about to happen . but it doesn't , and that's creative . [r]
[47]    pos pos yes " nominated for several academy awards it one a few , but was somehow doubted best picture , best actress ( ellen burstyn ) and best supporting actress ( linda blair ) who at the age of i believe thirteen does a wonderful job of being a little girl , alone , possessed and unable to stop what is going on . ellen burstyn i think gives her best performance to date , and can be seen currently in " requiem for a dream " to which she is getting rave reviews for . jason miller ( jason patrik's dad ) is amazing as father karras , and his performance will be forever embedded in my mind , to me he is the character who makes the entire film float along . i was saddened when i saw this film with an audience of mostly younger people to see them laughing at this movie , i in no way , think that this movie is comical , yes some of the stuff regan says is funny , but they were laughing at her head spinning , and the green pea soup , come on people this is some creepy stuff ! anyway the re-release of the film has managed to make $40 million dollars , and is still going . hopefully one day they re-release it again in twenty years for more generations to come to enjoy .
[48]    pos pos yes graham have to open theirselves . they must get to know each other and learn to understand and trust the other person . james and graham aid each other to cope with their problems . but will their relationship really have a future ? " second best " is based on a novel by david cook who also wrote the screenplay . the film was directed by chris menges who had made his directing debut with the very good anti-apartheid drama " a world apart " ( 1987/88 ) . and maybe , " second best " is even a greater picture . this precise , richly detailed , sensitively and convincingly directed study about a special adoption treats its theme with great seriousness . the breathtakingly intense film shows the necessity of human contact and communication . william hurt delivers an outstanding performance as graham holt . and chris cleary miles is remarkably convincing in the role of the boy . the supporting cast is also fine ( especially jane horrocks as debbie , a social worker who is charged to examine graham's living circumstances ) . " second best " is an underestimated masterpiece . it's a pity that films like this one are made so seldom . i eagerly await menges' next directorial work , " the lost son " , which will star daniel auteuil .
[49]    pos pos yes very , very evil . . . the first thing you'll notice in this film is it's incredible visual effects . they really are eye popping , with some great models to boot . the acting is quite good , with some occasional witty moments . sam neill does a good job as the scientist that increasingly becomes more and more disturbed as the search continues , but a tip of the hat goes to laurence fishburne who leads the team , in a cool , calm , take no nonense manner . it is his acting skills that help hold this film together . the idea behind event horizon is certainly a good one . it starts off incredibly well , but the middle section becomes quite confused and sometimes muddled , leaving the viewer unsure on just what the reasons are behind some of the bloody and bizarre events that occur . however , the closing 20 minutes of the film more than make up for this , producing one the most nail biting ( or in my case , straw of my drink biting ! ) climaxes i've recently witnessed . overall , event horizon is a smart film indeed . it's very enjoyable and has some amazing visuals . but be warned , the horror scenes , despite being very brief are very , very , gory . not for the squemish !
[50]    pos pos yes , betrayal and corruption amount into a force greater than anything else , and tony is one of the ones who fall victim to this force . this is not before he becomes one of the most respected , and often feared , men in miami . tony gets to the point where he cannot trust anyone , and everyone he knows basically feels the same way towards him . no one can trust him , and basically , no one does . scarface , although incredibly violent , is one of the best crime films of its time and stands out as another great performance for al pacino . although he did not receive any recognition from the academy for his performance , it truly is a very good one . in fact , his accent and facial movements alone are enough in my mind to win at least a nomination ( although he did get a golden globe nomination ) . another element that stands out when someone mentions this film is the profanity . a figure tagged to the film boasts that the word " fuck " and it's uses are uttered 206 times throughout the film , which is apparently a record . the thing is , the vulgarity fits rather well with the movie . as odd as it sounds , it's true . in the end , scarface is a very powerful film that hits home hard .
[51]    pos neg no  hygienists , his receptionist , his wife , and his kids wear the outfits all of the time . it appears that his workers are permitted to take them off when they go home , but not his family . for variety , he and his family do change characters from time to time . he says his patients like it . well , there was this one complainer , but he had a problem with his bill anyway . there are summer schools for klingon with ph . d . linguists to teach the language . hamlet is now available in klingon , albeit perhaps not at your local bookstore , and they are working on translating the bible . they even sell united federation passports that are real enough that trekkies have used them to fool customs , even u . s . customs . the movie bogs down only briefly when it tries to argue the series's larger meaning about diversity and humanitarian concerns . sandwiched in-between the levity , the switch in tone doesn't work . the incessantly up-beat film ends with a singing elvis impersonator . he fits right in . trekkies runs a breezy 1 : 26 . it is not rated but would be pg for brief sexual references and would be fine for all ages .
[52]    pos pos yes . the characters in the hunt for red october are paper thin , but the performances , thankfully , are rock solid . baldwin and connery anchor the film with their customary vigor . sam neil gives a sturdy performance as connery's somber first officer . it's ironic to see neil and connery playing russians , since they are both best known for their roles as british agents , connery as james bond and neil as reilly , " ace of spies . " the large cast also includes scott glenn , james earl jones , tim curry , and joss ackland , plus richard jordan as the smooth u . s . national security adviser . the special effects are remarkable , but more than anything , the hunt for red october is distinguished by its water-tight plot . screenwriters larry ferguson and donald stewart have gracefully navigated red october through a story line full of twists and turns . they keep us involved in the action by unveiling plot strands at just the right moment . the movie doesn't get as sweaty or breathless as die hard , because it would rather tell a good story than hit you over the head with non-stop action . the finale is rousing and suspenseful , but essentially , the hunt for red october is a superior potboiler .
[53]    pos pos yes or on such a scale . cameron actually built a scale model of the titanic in a water tank , but only had room for 90% , and therefore had to computer-generate the remaining 40 feet . could've fooled me and everyone else in the theater , as the splicing is seamless . also of note in this film is the way the audience is presented with the anatomy of the disaster right at the beginning . we are told of where the iceberg struck the ship , how the flooding occurred , the way the ship sank , and why it did so in that manner . these technical details serve as a guide for later on when the action starts happening , and allow us to view the sinking with informed analytic detraction , in addition to the more conventional placement in the midst of mayhem and confusion . in all , james cameron's titanic is a good blend of love story , history , and action . the fact that the film runs longer than most at about three hours is almost unnoticed as the viewer's attention is held alternately by those three main elements , from the movie's intriguing beginning to it's satisfactory ending . in box office receipts , titanic the movie will undoubtedly live up to the unsinkable expectations of titanic the ship .
[54]    pos pos yes he responds to kimble's comment , " i didn't kill my wife , " with a matter-of-fact , " i don't care , " we know exactly what he means . it's not his job to determine guilt or innocence . it's his job to bring in a fugitive . this is a well- written character played with relish by an actor at the top of his form . the only unfortunate thing about jones' stunning turn is that it's likely to overshadow harrison ford , and that's a shame . for his entire career , ford has been underappreciated as an actor due to his pigeonholing as an action hero . however , he does a fine job with the less flashy part of kimble , always keeping at the forefront the advantage this man has because of his intelligence . the fugitive could only work to its fullest if the two protagonists always seemed to be on equal footing , and ford is up to the task . this summer has been loaded with action/suspense films , and most of them have been doing brisk business . however , it's time for clint , sean , and various dinosaurs to step aside . the chase is on . my advice is to catch it .
[55]    pos neg no  you are killing me ! you are killing me ! " ( aside : harris' own wife , amy madigan , is unrecognizable and exceptional as gallery diva peggy guggenheim . ) pollock himself moves on to dalliances with younger women like ruth klingman ( the scorching jennifer connelly ) , hoping , one supposes , to catch the revitalizing whiff of youth . i love jackson pollock's stuff and i am enamoured of harris' _pollock_ as well . it's scrappy and observant ; no coincidence that its minor failings are the occasional invasive flourish , such as jeff beal's hummable but no less lamentable score--i can't imagine that pollock , or anyone , would paint to this music , which puts filling soundtrack voids ahead of complementing the images . one of my favourite sequences is an eerily quiet re-enactment of hans namuth shooting that famous pollock footage in east hampton , long island ; the mounting tension is almost comic , as namuth keeps interrupting pollock's process to reload his camera or take a dinner break . a more seasoned director might've been too arrogant to admit that not all artists or mediums are created equal .
[56]    pos pos yes , which is a surprising plus that i wasn't expecting to find here . suffice to say , this film will have both adults and children thoroughly entertained . the grown-up tarzan is voiced by tony goldwyn , who made a name for himself as the `big mean jerk' from ghost . goldwyn is effective playing someone who's not aware of his world's dangers . glenn close is also memorable as his gorilla mother , and lance henriksen ( from tv's millennium ) is terrific as the silverback father unsure of how to accept the presence of a human child . as the movie's villain , there is nothing particularly special or catching about the character of clayton . it helps that brian blessed supplies his voice with game enthusiasm , but he is nothing compared to james woods' hilarious hades from hercules . a burley guy with a big gun who just wants to capture the gorillas does not quite constitute for an all-together noticeable screen presence . still , this is one great thrill-ride that disney has constructed . i never expected rice burrough's work to be transformed so successfully from live action to animation , nor with so much emotional depth . parents , along with all the kiddies , are going to find much to like in tarzan .
[57]    pos pos yes about the direction of the actors ( although natalie portman as the queen is pretty effective , as is jake lloyd as the young anakin skywalker ) . with star wars mania at an all time high , there is the risk that the film will disappoint ( i myself had my doubts ) , which this film does have a tendency to do at times . there are a few logic problems with the plot , several things are left unchecked , and at times seems to be made only for diehard star wars fans ( although the appearance of the tusken raiders makes for more than a few laughs ) . that , and young anakin skywalker is a really annoying character , coming off as a smarmy , arrogant brat ( with such an attitude , it's no wonder why he turns to the dark side ) . still , it seems that many people , especially critics , are missing the point . the film is some of the most fun 2 and a half hours that you'll blow in your life , which is something i wouldn't mind doing again . while it may not have the psychological impact of an academy award contender , who really cares ? the film is pure fun from beginning to end . and isn't that what really matters ?
[58]    pos pos yes brings out another great paradox - superficially they are immoral outcasts who've had it coming ; woody gets shot and becomes paralysed from the waist down , and courtney dies of aids . god's damnation . but in the powerful love they have for each other , each standing by the other in turn , the two leads highlight the question how much is the nihilist still a moralist and ( in the american context ) a christian , if they can love and care , and feel just like anyone else on a personal level . friedrich nietzsche once talked about how the atheist must uncover for himself the full consequences of atheism by ridding himself of all moral-christian influences . to go beyond good and evil . this is a great picture , no doubt , and i love it personally . because it is moving , funny , ends with open american optimism blah blah . but i like it and admire it because it comes from a fine american tradition that dares to raise difficult questions , and call into doubt ideas and doctrines that otherwise are used as catchphrases . there are times when movies go beyond the story they tell and reflect something of hidden realities . this movie is not so much about larry flynt , but about americans and american society .
[59]    pos pos yes a mysterious videotape which will bring death for sure to the person who watches it , one week prior to viewing . a journalist and her husband , stupid enough , tests the so call `urban legend' and ends up having a week before she meets her doom . she and her husband then goes on a search for the origin of the videocassette , to get to the root of the whole curse with the hopes of freeing themselves . the ring plays on the senses like no other horror film today . visual subtlety , minimal music and an intriguing plot puts the audience within an aura of suspense throughout the entire film . very well done indeed , especially for a film that does not have a single trace of violence and gore . now , thats something budding horror film-maker wannabes should consider looking into . just an idea of how visually powerful the film is , it is in japanese and subtitled in chinese ; both of which , i can't understand at all ( ok , i had a friend who gave me a gist prior to watching , but he revealed very little ! ) . the twists in the plot , leading to an unforgettable climax ( will definitely leave an impression on the audience ) will have you at the edge of your seat .
[60]    pos neg no  . ) after the first fifteen minutes i felt right at home . i know who to root for and who i need to boo too and a gum to chew . ( please kill me . ) suffice it to say that for the next hour and a half i jumped out of my seat a few times , went " ewwww " about a dozen times and nearly had an orgasm over all the explosions and firepower our heroes were packing . i'm a man , we nottice these things . all in all , i'd recommend deep rising if you are looking for a good time and care to leave your brain at the door . . . but bring your sense of humor and excitement in with you . the acting is decent , the effects top rate . how to best describe it ? put together the jet ski scene from hard rain , the bug attacks from starship troopers , a couple of james bond like stunts and all those scenes from friday the thirteenth and freddy where you keep screaming " don't go there , he's behind you " and you end up with deep rising . for creepy crawly goodness , tight t-shirts , major firepower and the need to go to the bathroom every fifteen minutes from seing all that water .
[61]    pos pos yes colorful and emotional , but it is also tiering and too melancholic , at times resembling a soap opera : claudia : " . . . . is that what i should do ? let you go . . my father , my luis , who made me . . . who will look after me , my dark angel , when you are gone ? " luis : " everything will be alright . . " claudia : " do you really believe that ? " and then they hug emotionally . moments like those displayed above and luis' self-pity is a bit tiresome . however rice's script is otherwise strong and well structured , bringing up humor and comic episodes , that were more or less hidden in the book . when lestat finds claudia's dead dressmaker , whom she has killed , he cries out : " who will make you that dress now ? be a little practical . . . . never in the house ! " moments like that are both entertaining and appealing . neil jordan's direction is beautiful and sensual as he plays with interesting issues like eternity , homosexuality , love and loneliness . his gothic saga is not meant to scare , but to display these issues differently . wrapped up in mystery , his new , original picture brings vampire-films to a new height .
[62]    pos pos yes as a fraud at the party . he is detained after a second warning , where he is outed for not being in the group . after getting home , he hides the evidence of his evenings events . unable to carry on in his day , he tries piece the events of the previous night together . in the process , he finds that nick has disappeared , his life is possibly in danger , and the woman that warned him has died . i'm trying to save a bit of the film here , it's worth sitting through to get to this point . this is only about 100 minutes at this point . this is a strange film , because despite the events that occur , the film has a strong family message behind it . it will be hard to pidgeonhole this film as a certain kind of a film . it's got sex in it , it has nudity , drugs , and many more immoralistic values . but they all serve to show why they are bad in one's life . i recommend this film highly on many merits . cruise and kidman are rarely together for longer than 5 minutes after the opening scene , and the secrecy that shrouded the film should hopefully be apparent as to why it was kept once you see it for yourself .
[63]    pos pos yes , just doesn't seem right , even if basil rathbone did have a real-life identity outside of his most famous role . and then there are those wigs from the makeup department -- so bad , they look like rejects from a mel brooks comedy . as was popular in the cinema of that era , people die with the most gentle prick of the sword and without any nasty , bloody holes to spoil the wardrobe or the looks . bad guys are banished rather than killed , and lovers go off hand-in-hand , doing nothing more explicitly sexual than kissing . the result is a wonderful fairy tale of a movie with delightful , cartoonish figures . hollywood rarely makes such high quality family films like this anymore , so try to savor the old ones when you can . the adventures of robin hood runs 1 : 42 . it is not rated , but containing absolutely nothing offensive , it would get a g rating and is fine for all ages . jeffrey thinks the film is " great " and gives it * * * * . he recommends the movie particularly for people who do not likely bloody pictures -- he hates the sight of blood in movies . his favorite parts are the battles and the ending , and his favorite characters are robin and king richard ( ian hunter ) .
[64]    pos neg no  chugging along , and there's barely a dull moment . however , the film is a little over indulgent , and it could have been trimmed . it manages to hold the attention , thankfully , and the adventure and charm holds right up to the last reel . screenwriters john eskow , ted elliot and terry rosio have unfortunately written an cliched and one dimensional script . although they've bought zorro up to date with big explosions and wild action , the plot itself is barely existent . there's lots of little sub plots hanging around , but there's nothing substantial to bring them all together . the main story seems to be the fact that rafael wants to 'buy' california using gold stolen from the guy he's buying the land off . this sets up for a temple of doom type plot where we see peasants slave driven into getting the gold from little mines . however , this doesn't seem to appear until nearly over a hour into the film , so the film is never quite sure where it's going . in the end however , zorro provides action and comedy in spades . it suitable for everyone , so put the guilt behind , and put some more money into spielbergs bank account . you won't regret it .
[65]    pos pos yes appear that kids are no good and should be ignored . this scene shows that what was once cool in a past generation is the complete opposite in another . speaking on behalf of my generation , i feel that dean has lost a lot of his coolness from our perspective as the years have grown by . the only ones who seem to still lionize him are those members of his generation . same goes for brando , redford , even deniro . i can only imagine how vaguely matt damon , ben affleck , and brad pitt will be viewed at the mid point of the twenty first century . will dean even be remembered when these newcomers are forgotten ? any film that sparks this kind of thought is certainly a milestone in american film . even if " rebel without a cause " has some ridiculous scenes ( the game of chicken - did people really act this way ? ) , an unbelievable conclusion ( how did everyone end up at the abandoned mansion at the end ? ) , and a silly romance ( wood declares her love for dean after talking to him for a couple hours ) it still is a fabulous film . the acting is so believable that it is no wonder that dean was considered the epitome of cool . now , however , the coolness is fading . . .
[66]    pos pos yes who seems to be getting beaten at his own game . we pity the man , but we also like him . rebecca pidgeon , david mamet's wife , who gave a fairly awful performance in the spanish prisoner is at the top of her game here as arthur's oldest daughter , a flailing feminist who gives her all to the winslow case as a way for making up for her lack of success in the women's suffrage movement . the winslow boy is a wonderful movie that avoids cliches such as a seemingly inevitable courtroom scene and shoots higher -- it wants to make a real impact rather than a phony one . be honest : did you feel anything profound at or after the courtroom scenes in films like a time to kill ? if you wanted to but didn't , this is a movie for you . it is the epitome of subtlety : it's powerful without being too emotional , sad without even trying to be depressing . david mamet can churn out some great scripts , but in this movie he proves to those who ever doubted it once and for all that he is a hell of a director too . he is almost a national treasure . his films deserve their own genre . ? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
[67]    pos neg no  want to stay far away from this film , as it contains heavy doses of both . besides the nipple ring removal i mention above , there is also stargher's penchant for hanging suspended off of the floor by the rings that pierce his back and legs ( prior to his catatonia and capture ) which will have audiences recoiling . a sequence where catherine enters stargher's mind and finds him recreating the disemboweling of his first victim is also pretty disquieting . one moment also features a character having his intestines slowly removed from his body by an old fashioned hand cranked spit-like device . as a narrative film , the cell is sorely lacking . as a collection of images though , the cell is extremely well done . although the latter sequences in the film contain fewer disturbing imagery than the first half , singh has done what he supposedly set out to do : make a film solely for the purpose of stringing some remarkable images together . unfortunately , a well-written script should have been considered too , because without it the cell just seems like any other music video we could see on mtv ( provided , of course , that mtv allowed for the use of graphic violence and language in music videos ) .
[68]    pos pos yes ramses to let moses's people go . this leads to the classic scene of the parting of the red sea , which is one of many places where computers were used to enhance the traditionally hand-drawn animation of the most of the production . it is the absolutely stunning visuals that make the movie so compelling . drawn with a rich palette of luxurious roses , blues and golds , the picture looks sumptuous from its first frame to its last . the construction of the temple is shown in blowing dust , and other scenes are shot with the glow of a rising sun . the most original visual sequence in the film occurs during a dream moses has . done with an explicit two-dimensional look , the colorful images painted on the temple walls come to life to tell their own animated story . even though it has its weaknesses , the prince of egypt is a noble attempt to carve out a new genre -- serious animated movies for adults that are acceptable for the entire family . this awe-inspiring movie deserves to be seen . the prince of egypt runs about 1 : 30 . it is rated pg for thematic elements and would be fine for the whole family . how old a kid would need to be to be interested depends on the child , but those over 8 will probably like it .
[69]    pos pos yes ? to whom are its actions then attributable : the creature or the being who brought about its existence ? shelley did not answer these questions , but she certainly posed them . following her example , branagh does the same . his film is a tragic saga about playing god . victor frankenstein is not an evil man . he wanted to change the world to the better . in this he represents everything science stands for : acting without doubts , never considering the consequences of his actions . produced by francis ford coppola , frankenstein resembles in some respects coppolas previous film " dracula " . in comparison , i can say that " dracula " has visuals that even " frankenstein " can not live up to . but when it comes to story , characters and casting , " frankenstein " is stronger . but stronger than both of them , on every aspect , is neil jordan's " interview with the vampire " . although the film is not perfect ( the camera that simply refuses to stay still and the occasionally pushy score are at times more tiering than effective ) , these minor faults are easily forgivable , as the picture is otherwise captivating and stimulating . branagh has probably created one of the best ( if not the best ) adaptions of shelly's classic novel .
[70]    pos pos yes . i can't say i totally enjoyed " love is the devil , " though . despite all of the things i respect about this movie , it's still rather uncomfortable to sit through . even at a normally trite length of ninety minutes , the film still seems like an arduous task to sit through , especially after an exhausting first hour . though hypnotic , it still almost seems gimmicky and even redundant at times , as if it were taking advantage of one man's truly bizarre nature but not doing anything deeper with it . as such , i respect the way the film looks . it's beautiful and painstakingly crafted so that , along with " what dreams may come " and " dark city , " it's the year's most visually stunning film . in fact , if a better script had been forged , i'd almost compare it in visual power to a peter greenaway film , complete with similar haunting images that stick in the mind forever . and with a dymanite performance by derek jacobi , it has the comic and distanced tone that it needs . i just wish it had been more than mostly style and just a hair bit of substance . then i would have had something to hold me over even now .
[71]    pos pos yes . when the court and country are a whole after the passing of the queens , the royal family , so to speak , are upset that a protestant should be crowened , and not another catholic , plus , the new queen , elizabeth i ( cate blanchette ) , was the bastard baby of the previous queen mary's father . the persecution over catholics and protestants isn't the only majority in elizabeth . elizabeth i must face the decision to give up personal pleasures , and her lover ( joseph fiennes of shakespeare in love ) , in order to rule , successfully , the country , which she did for 40 more years . both elizabeth and shakespeare in love are set in the elizabethian era , and both feature a queen elizabeth i ( judi dench plays her in love ) , or course . yet , i found elizabeth more stimulating and involving than love , not just because elizabeth features a great deal more of elizabeth i , but because i found blanchette a more powerful , hypnotic sense for the role . elizabeth , also featuring geoffrey rush and richard attenborough , is my pick for the best picture of 1998 award . it's a dynamic , important , breathtaking film of loyalty , power , greed , and trust . shakespeare would die for the book rights .
[72]    pos pos yes latest affleck-damon picture , good will hunting 2 : hunting season . here we are privy to a hilarious conversation between affleck and damon in which the two put down each other's careers and film choices . and the laughs continue to grow . next up is jason ( american pie ) biggs and james ( dawson's creek ) van der beek , the actors chosen to portray bluntman and chronic . the pair mistake jay and silent bob for their stunt doubles . finally , comes a star wars homage featuring one of the stars of that legendary feature . this bit will leave you howling . smith's obvious affection for pop culture icons is evident in the way he shoots these scenes and handles his performers . he allows them to play it all tongue-in-cheek . their fun comes through the screen to the audience . it is too bad that this is jay and silent bob's swan song . the characters have grown since their supporting role debuts in clerks . but smith realizes that times have changed , and he doesn't want his creations to overstay their welcome . so smith has provided them with just the right kind of exit , saving the best for last . goodbye jay and silent bob . at least you're going out with a blast .
[73]    pos pos yes they were . i left this film feeling much happier than i was before i entered the cinema . the story is about martians attacking earth . using ray guns ( hooray ! ) they generally cause havoc around the u . s and other countries . nicholson plays the president who must try to stop invasion , and also taking advice from his loopy officials . but , basically , its a load of set pieces showing the martians destroying earth . the way people are killed by the ray guns is great , they is a hillarous ( and mildly disturbing scene ) involving a martian lady , a mad general who just wants to nuke the aliens away , ( and ends up getting squashed by an aliens foot ) and a gory finale involving lots of alien heads exploding . but , most of all , this film is fun . the martians are full of character , the performances are spot on , and the all star cast help make the film more enjoyable . the film is a million times better then the dire independance day , and is a real tribute to the tacky '50s invasion movies . they are is a great score by danny elfman , and lots of laughs . this has to be the best invasion i've seen for a long time .
[74]    pos pos yes on tv's " remington steele " , as has his deadpan wit . and though carver's motives are muddy ( when carver explains that " genius is insanity with some success " , screenwriter fierstein is taking a lazy shortcut ) , pryce makes an agreeable , memorable villain . in the future , they should pursue actors as talented and experienced as pryce to breathe life into these cardboard figures . there a few too many explosions in " tomorrow never dies " , perhaps so many they qualify as dialogue . and it could have used a sharper script , though i was amused by the double entendres , none of which i will reveal here . as it stands , the plot suffers many holes ( i'm not taking about implausibilities ) , and the dialogue tends towards the hackneyed . now that the elements are in place : modern special effects and stunt work , cool pierce brosnan , kickass female allies . . . it's time to put them to use in something truly special . there's no mistaking , however , that " tomorrow never dies " is ideal holiday escapism , and for the first time in perhaps years , you'll walk out wanting more bond movies . -reviewed december 17 , 1997
[75]    pos pos yes jay and silent bob with some priceless lines from jay ( as well as silent bob ) . alan rickman , jason lee , salma hayek round out the cast with matt damon and ben affleck in the starring roles . being oscar winners for the classic 'good will hunting' they give great performances here again but matt damon seems just a little held back and to me did not give it all he could . ben however was all out and got very much into his character as well as the story . the movie's only big flaw is that it has a few unfunny lines and some slow parts to go along with it . however the direction by kevin and the script by kevin as well as the priceless performance by many of the cast members , 'dogma' stands as a new classic and i think i can safely compare it to 'clerks' . while being funny at times , in the end it becomes a serious movie with an important message that some may not agree with but can't deny it . 'dogma' will offend people , especially deeply religious people , but for those of you who are open minded and want to see some very funny material then this is the movie for you . all kevin smith fans must see ! !
[76]    pos pos yes of course , since this is hollywood product after all , the time machine delivers such concepts in the form of classic adventure , sometimes sacrificing plausibility for the sake of attractiveness . for example , it is hard to imagine that someone would be able to understand perfect english million years in future ; same is with morlocs degenerating into mutant monsters , while eloi remain undistinguished from the people of today . some of the final scenes , that turn victorian scientist into an action superhero , are also rather unconvincing . but , on the other hand , the film is very well directed , cleverly paced and the special effects , although definitely old-fashioned , are more than adequate for this kind of picture . the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george's trusted friend filby . yvette mimieux , who plays weena , on the other hand , would be remembered more by her looks than by the complexity of her role . however , despite all those flaws , the time machine is a very good piece of cinema , something that connoisseurs of quality science-fiction films sorely miss these days .
[77]    pos pos yes . the motivation for marriage remains the primary thematic thrust . fanny's cousin , maria bertram ( victoria hamilton , persuasion ) is an example of one making a poor match , marrying a well-to-do fool who is able to make her comfortable , but never happy . fanny's own mother , trapped in her chosen life of squalor warns fanny by admitting that her situation is due to the fact that she " married for love . " fanny , given those two terrible examples , and faced with the same choice is understandably indecisive as to which way to lean . the spiritual answer , of course , lies in the middle of those two extremes . marriage is not a cold , calculating decision based upon self-preservation . neither is it a senseless decision made in the warm afterglow of a passionate embrace . in the purest sense , marriage forms an insoluble union whereby two people agree to function as one . " and said , for this cause shall a man leave father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife : and they twain shall be one flesh ? " matthew 19 : 5 [kjv] love and logic can be combined . god's word contains both . so does a marriage based upon his truth .
[78]    pos pos yes either , which body parts flying , and blood spurting . this film is certainly not for kids and sensitive adults . other factors help saving private ryan be a masterpiece of 90's film making . the cinematography is excellent , and the music score by john william's is also superb . it is never intrusive , and adds to the drama on-screen . but while they are thousands of good things great about private ryan , there's one major flaw that detracts the genius of the film : the writing . it is unusually flat , with many of the speeches strangely weak . the film never really makes any profound statements . this is not a major gripe , as private ryan is a film of action , not words . still , the script could of been a lot better . thankfully , the actors help partly to rectify the situation with their great delivery of their lines . saving private ryan , in the end , is an excellent film , but not the 'greatest war movie' due to it's weak acting . this film should be viewed by everyone who has the stomach for it , as it's rewarding and extremely worthwhile . it really shouldn't be missed , and dreamworks skg has finally found it's first hit movie .
[79]    pos pos yes invasion . an idea which will have the audience strongly rooting for the united front throughout the movie , thus maintaining a screen-viewer interaction that virtually render any holes in the movie acceptable , no matter how ridiculous . id4 was produced under a modest budget of us$68 million , a film of such magnitude would have easily been another waterworld but director roland emmerich ( universal soldier , stargate ) and producer dean devlin assembled a team which did their own special effects rather than commissioning it to ilm or any other special effects company . some of the effects are not too good but most of it are very believable , especially the epic standoff between 150 f-18's and 250 alien saucers , reminiscence of the classic space battle featured in return of the jedi . id4 is a movie for all . though there are many explosions and implied deaths , there are no gory scenes of human destruction , thus young kids should be able to take it . sit back and don't be too critical , chances are you will be absorbed into the movie just as i was . if you are not planning to watch any movies this year , please , at least make time for this one . this film is best watched on the big-screen .
[80]    pos pos yes film is comprised of home video and 16mm camera footage that the documentarians supposedly shot for their blair witch film , so don't expect any steadi-cam shots or fancy camera work . this is as real as it gets folks . i don't recommend sitting too close to the theater screen though , because i guarantee you will get motion sickness from the constant movement of the camera . the performances of the three lead actors in the film are so real , you may find yourself questioning whether all of this has really happened or not . this is definitely a movie that warrants home video viewing , especially due to the fact that the bulk of the movie was shot with a standard home video camera . the reality of the images will strike frighteningly close to home when viewed as actual video instead of the tape-to-film transfer done for the big screen . word has it that a special edition dvd with boatloads of extras ( hours of deleted scenes , alternate endings , commentary , the sci-fi channel special , and others ) is being planned for release . i urge artisan entertainment to forge ahead with this plan and give us what could be the dvd to rival all dvd's . i know i'll be first in line to buy one . [r]
[81]    pos pos yes decides to attack and overtake a certain beach area so that his men can surf . surf . this is all inspired when kilgore is able to meet the famed california surfer lance johnson . duvall's portrayal as lieutenant colonel kilgore is terrific , and , he provides a number of memorable quotes . eventually , captain willard encounters colonel kurtz's frightening community full of strange things everywhere you look , especially his followers . one of his main followers is a freelance photographer ( dennis hopper ) who attempts to convey the situations to willard . but willard cannot understand the madness that encompasses the colony . kurtz is actually well aware of willard's mission , and refers to him as " an errand boy sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill " . yet willard is intent on completing his mission , no matter what shocking things kurtz does . apocalypse now , possibly one of the greatest films ever made , is a stunning vision into the madness that corresponds to the vietnam war . a movie that will hypnotize you with it's brilliant cinematography , apocalypse now is an outstanding epic drama about the controversial and horrifying ravages of war . definitely on the " do not miss " list . be prepared for a very memorable film .
[82]    pos pos yes that is that the wings of the dove almost fits the story line of a film noir . a couple conspires to cheat someone out of their money so they can live happily ever after . their involvement in the deception makes each less attractive to the other , and after a few things go wrong , the whole idea seems like an awful life-ruining mistake . i wouldn't call the wings of the dove a film noir , but the comparison is interesting . as i have acknowledged before , i am not a wonderful judge of acting , but i liked the performances from roache and elliot . roache successfully conveyed his character's ambivalence toward millie : near the end , he hugs her , at first staring into space , as if he's thinking about his plan with kate , then giving that up to fully embrace millie . millie's part didn't require as much range , but elliot gave her the necessary bubbly personality that made her irresistible . i will probably file away the wings of the dove in the same low-traffic corner of my mind as sense and sensibility and persuasion . their settings are far removed from my personal experience - geographically , historically , and socially . still , the movies are well made and the stories inevitably win me over .
[83]    pos pos yes at the same time remain sympathetic to the audience . every viewer is sure to like both of them . there are other minor subplots included as well , such as an unlikely romance between a local girl and the town pig farmer . this appears quite inconsequential until the end , and even with a startling revelation it's a tad bit unnecessary . overall , waking ned devine has a predictable outcome , and plot twists are never really taken seriously . the ending , a very hilarious and very ironic twist of fate , somehow fits with the twisted sense of humor the movie exhibits throughout . the kirk jones script is indeed off-the-cuff . in a way , waking ned devine is exactly like the class of people it presents : warm , friendly , outgoing , and jovial . it's the perfect kind of comedy , a real gem of a tale that sets up a trivial plot outline by which to introduce a sympathetic cast of characters and a string of jokes . there's nothing remotely serious or grounded for more than a moment or two , because the spirit of ned devine is a lighthearted one . indeed , it's one of the year's best feel-good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss .
[84]    pos pos yes walhberg ) needs money to build a new life with his girl-friend ( diane lane ) . there's a devoted dad ( john c . reilly ) with an estranged wife and son , a free-spirited jamaican ( allen payne ) , a lonely guy ( john hawkes ) , and a last-minute replacement with a bad attitude ( william fichtner ) . the skipper's convinced he can change his bad luck streak in remote flemish cap , and he does . but then trouble begins . there's a rogue wave , a man overboard and the ice machine breaks - with 60 , 000 lb . of fish that could spoil . but that's minor compared with a deadly monster storm approaching which a boston meteorologist describes as " a disaster of epic proportions " that also threatens the lives of a coast guard helicopter rescue team trying to save three people stranded on a sailboat on the high seas . it's formulaic and there are cliches , but the walls of water , created by fluid dynamics simulating real-life phenomena , are awesome . on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the perfect storm " is a terrifying , suspenseful 8 . hang on for the white-knuckle thrill ride of the summer !
[85]    pos pos yes lighted nose , and a large , sinister , singing bag named oogie boogie tim burton -- the man behind such great films as ed wood , beetlejuice , pee-wee's big adventure , and edward scissorhands -- is the creative force behind nightmare . originally , burton authored a poem that became the basis of the storyline , and he was jointly involved in the production design of the film ( though many mistakenly assume he directed the picture ) . the stamp of burton is clearly everywhere in the film -- with bold colors , imaginative character design , and it's simple yet compelling story . the direction of harry selick , who also directed james and the giant peach , is strong , offering intimate views of the strange collection of characters . also memorable are the songs in the film , written by former oingo boingo lead singer danny elfman , the next john williams of film composing . the nightmare before christmas is intended for both the kid and adult in everyone . it's not just child's play for the holidays ; it's a movie about how to be truly happy in a tough world , saying that all you need to do is just be exactly who you are , without compromise . what better message is there for christmas ?
[86]    pos pos yes straps herself into a huge robot and battles the nasty queen alien to the death . many people will tell you that this film , while being a great action film , has no real drama and is all cliches . well , they would be wrong , my friends . if this film had no " drama " , then why was sigourney weaver nominated for best actress at the 1987 academy awards ? that's right , best actress . you know that any action film that has an oscar nomination attached to it for something other than technical stuff like editing and f/x has got to be good . in short , aliens combines all the right elements ( great action and f/x , drama , a good plot , good dialogue , and great villains ) into what could arguably be called the best action film of all time . then again , maybe not . movies rise and fall from glory and , sad to say , aliens was wrestled from it's throne of best action movie by another cameron film , t2 : judgement day , in 1991 . so who will be the next king ? well , let's wait until december 19th and see yet another james cameron film-the highest budgeted film of all time-titanic to make that decision . i can't wait .
[87]    pos pos yes at least . the revelation of keyser soze , the closing gunfights , it is something wondrous . you have to see this movie about 10 times to believe what they do . kudos to mcquarrie and singer for giving the audience a delightful , fast-paced , furiously plot-driven movie with quirky characters , phenomenal acting , and some hilarious moments stuck in the middle . mcquarrie refuses to believe the audience is dumb . without furnishing too many details , he concocts his story and lets it run , hoping the audience gets it at the end . we do . this might just be the finest cinematic puzzle ever created . kudos also to singer and john ottman , who created the score . they both create what is a true film-noir setting , carefully setting up this intricate puzzle until the final , jarring ending . there are flaws : more questions raised than answers , lack of character development , and no strong female characters ( save one ) . however , the plot , and that stunning ending , make up for all the flaws and more . if you haven't seen the movie , rent it . watch it . then rewind the tape , and watch it again . trust me , you'll be amazed .
[88]    pos pos yes manages to pull that off and mr . shyamalan , as the one responsible , is certainly to be commended . in giving the sixth sense a favorable " three star " review for its craftsmanship and artistic merit , i must also point out that , spiritually speaking , the film is highly misleading . there is no scriptural foundation upon which to base a belief in ghosts or the " living dead . " the concept of death being a doorway to another plane of existence is a devilish lie that has been around as long as man himself . the first lie recorded in the bible was devised by the serpent who assured eve , " thou shall not surely die , " a direct contradiction of god's admonition . that same lie has been perpetuated ad infinitum throughout the ages . scriptures do speak of a time when the dead shall rise but that wonderful demonstration of victory over death will not commence until after the second coming of christ . . . an event which has not yet occurred . therefore , the dead remain in a state of oblivion , having no consciousness , until that long-awaited time when the final trump shall sound . and then , you'll need six senses to register all the joy and rejoicing that will resound throughout the heavens .
[89]    pos pos yes film where the main character is a villain , unless that person has some redeeming qualities . in this case , gibson's character has few redeeming qualities . but hey , its mel , so even when he is killing people in cold blood we are still rooting for him . my guess is that if that you put some other johnny bananas actor in this role , the audience would not be quite as responsive . gibson is gibson , whether he is playing a suicidal cop or a stone cold killer , he does a good job . he almost guarantees that no matter what else happens in the rest of the movie at least the audience is going to get one good performance . this time out mel is surrounded by a good supporting cast , including maria bello ( as his love interest ) , william devane and kris kristofferson ( as mod bosses ) . the man who steals the show and unfortunately doesn't have a real big part is james coburn ( as yet another mobster ) . if i had one big disappointment in this film , it would be that coburn didn't have a bigger role . in the end , payback is a fairly solid action thriller , just not in quite the same league as some of mel gibson's other work .
[90]    pos pos yes technical level , i found many blatant punctiation and spelling mistakes within the subtitles that need to be fixed . and concerning the plot developments , the final five minutes ring false when compared with everything that has come before . mehrjui's decision to use an extremely stylized approach to the ending was the wrong choice , particularly in his almost comedic way of wrapping up the character of the spiteful mother-in-law , played memorably by jamileh sheikhi . despite these minor missteps , " leila " is an important motion picture that should definately be sought out upon its limited may 16 release at new york's cinema village , and then on may 21 in la . the thought-provoking questions that the film deals with is balanced evenly with its uneasy morales , and when the climax arrives , leila's self-worth is startlingly stripped away to reveal a victim led into complete devastation , to which there is no return . it's difficult to not consider how leila's culminating interior demise could have been so simply avoided , had the other characters taken a second out of their own selfish lives to consider what leila , the major pawn in the unforgivable scheme , was going through .
[91]    pos neg no  13 . unconsummated ( no , it's not _that_ type of movie ) , their relationship builds and neither knows what to do with it . star-crossed lovers with no where to go . so hutton is gaga over a barely-teen , one of his buddies is two-timing his girlfriend with a married old flame , another's girlfriend is sleeping with a meat cutter ( " and she's a vegetarian ! " ) . things are a mess . enter uma thurman . the beautiful stranger in town for a few days is both a delight in the film and one of its minor downfalls . her character is fun to watch . even more entertaining is observing the guys falling over themselves trying to impress her . like the lone ranger , before she leaves , she solves most of the problems and sets everyone onward with their lives . the ending is a bit too pat . everything is tied up with a neat little bow . rosie o'donnell is a stand-out in her limited screen time with her brash personality and " tell it like it is " pronouncements . structured somewhat like a " diner , a few years later " , this feel-good story is a good time , but ends a little too nice .
[92]    pos pos yes second . pretty slick . the matrix drips with style . from the clothing to the music to the action , we're watching an exaggerated version of what we're used to . much of it seems like the combination of two genres of the hong kong action film - there's a lot of kung fu , there's a lot of gunplay . when a character is letting go with an automatic weapon , much is made of the empty cartridges falling to the floor in slow motion . there's also the element of the japanese action cartoon ( called anime by aficionados ) , especially in the way the sequences are filmed in sweeping pans and emphasized actions through special effects . combined , it's really like no live-action film i have ever seen . the film is not without its faults . some of the scenes and ideas are " borrowed " a little too liberally from other films , and one component of the ending is decidedly disappointing . some of the lines are also pretty bad - in one instance , a supporting character incorrectly delivers a famous saying , and it wasn't meant to be a joke . however , these shortcomings detract little from what is an overall solid action sci-fi film that for once does more than merely entertain .
[93]    pos neg no  music and sexy girls ? ! granted , the plot isn't the most elaborate of tales ( alien bad , find alien , kill alien ) , but i can honestly say that i was never once bored during the viewing of this entire picture . i wouldn't recommend it to those who don't like car chases , murders , and bland acting , but for all the rest of you out there , those who enjoy putting away their brains every now and again , sitting back , slamming back some salsa'd nachos , and relishing in the cheeze some call film . . . have a blast ! ! two scenes to watch for are both within the first ten minutes of this gore-fest . the opening sequence is one of the most rockin' scenes to open any action movie , and the subsequent extra-terrestrial " transformation " is another eye-catcher . even the late 80's special effects were okay . followed by the hidden ii in 1994 . little known facts : this film was kyle maclachlan's first non-david lynch foray into the world of feature films . his first two movie appearances were in lynch's wretched dune ( 4/10 ) and the sensational blue velvet ( 8 . 5/10 )
[94]    pos pos yes officers shall work on the bridge or not . the spectators are supposed to neglect the risks col . nicholson takes for his men . ( the plot by-passes these risks . ) that means , the picture isn't perfect . but it has a lot of virtues as well . it shows the " madness " of war and what war can produce in people's minds . it shows how col . nicholson becomes possessed by the idea of being a hero and that others ( like shears ) get cynics . and " the bridge on the river kwai " is an interesting study of characters with clashing interests . these points and the sometimes ironic dialogue make this film an anti-war film ( despite the inconsistencies in the treatment of this theme ) . david lean's effective and atmospherically perfect direction creates a high suspense , especially in the dramatic ( though not wholly plausible ) showdown . alec guinness does a magnificent job of bringing col . nicholson to life and making him such an interesting character . the other actors deliver very good performances as well . jack hildyard's fine color cinematography and the apt score are also helpful . i like this extraordinary film despite its weaknesses . ( c ) karl rackwitz ( klein k ? ris , germany , 1999 )
[95]    pos neg no  a man-portable arc lamp as being too heavy , although it looks to be a more efficient tool to dispatch vampires . ) unfortunately , the guiding hand of john woo is absent from this film , relegating blade to the status of the replacement killers , which it most strongly resembles . the replacement killers is the last movie i saw that i didn't review -- mostly because it made no impression on me , and i couldn't remember anything other than noise , violence , and the intensity of fat's performance . blade has a little more going for it , and has the vampire myth to draw from -- but other than that , it's the same kind of movie -- exciting , with well choreographed action scenes , but with no resonance . with a stronger villain ( stephen dorff is ( pardon the pun ) curiously bloodless as the head vampire , leaving us to wonder what denis leary might have done with the role ) , a wittier script , and a strong supporting cast , blade might have been able to rise beyond the level of commonplace summer entertainment . as it is , blade is an average action movie that serves to do nothing but remind us that the summer movies just keep getting dumber and the vampire movies just keep multiplying .
[96]    pos pos yes half the movie . what i have missed in the past years of viewing this flick is amazing . for instance , when travolta and jackson are in the apartment near the end , the widescreen version allows you to see that several things on the walls make crosses . this might help explain the divine intervention that takes place . just a theory . . . one of the things that pisses people off so much about this movie is that tarantino borrowed alot of scenes from other movies ( i . e . " psycho " " kiss me deadly " , " deliverance " , etc . ) . but why shouldn't he ? it's not like he out-right and blatantly stole . give the guy a break . in case you haven't already noticed , i believe " pulp fiction " is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time ( up there with such greats as " casablanca " and " the godfather " ) . trust me , you will not see a better film come out of the 90s . and besides , it's one hell of a ride . note : if anyone knows how i could get a " bad motherfucker " wallet , please e-mail me . any help would be greatly appreciated .
[97]    pos pos yes kudrow is perfect in this role since she's spent 8 years on tv as the dim-witted phoebe on " friends . " here is character is basically a very evil incarnation of phoebe . i have to admit i was honestly surprised and pleased by how the plot unraveled and the methods each of the main characters use to try to get their share of the money . like " jackie brown , " ( an elmore leonard adaption ) , the story is about a circle of 10 characters all after the lottery money that has been won illegally . the screenplay does a fine job in balancing the characters and slowly revealing their motivations and hidden agendas while at the same time keep russ richards the main focus . more and more characters are introduced and since the film has such an iconic , cartoony atmosphere you can take on faith just what makes the minor characters do what they do . the ending itself is great . it's surprising and funny and makes you feel good . you realize this film has packed in about 10 different movies' worth of stories into two hours' time and didn't fall apart ( although many other critics might beg to differ ) . i liked it , and i could see it again - isn't that what makes a movie good ?
[98]    pos neg no  as the wife who wouldn't let her husband's death rest until she got the conviction . both deserve serious oscar-consideration . this brings us to the dull performance of baldwin . let's face it , trying to match matthew mcconaughey's wonderful acting in a time to kill is basically impossible . and baldwin is living proof of this , as no emotions could be felt . it seemed as if he actually had to struggle to shed a single tear . either poor acting or poor directing , but something definitely went wrong . another strange mishap was the fact that goldberg's facial features didn't change , as she looked the same in the courtroom as she did holding her husband's dead body 25-years earlier . yet woods' was plastered with enough make up to make him look like goldberg's father . at least the make-up was realistic . with some emotional moments in the poorly written script , ghosts of mississippi lacked in heart , when its predecessor , a time to kill , brought tears to everyone's eyes . don't get me wrong , the movie wasn't all that bad , but if you've seen grisham's masterpiece , then don't expect this one to be an excellent film . ,
[99]    pos pos yes believe in accidents , " functions as a concerned , involved observer , scribbling details in his notebook and providing the parents with an opportunity to reach some kind of closure in the harrowing aftermath . while stephens' initial drive may be financial ( one third of the total settlement if he wins ) , his involvement provides him more with an outlet to come to grips with his own loss . his self-destructive , drug-addicted daughter has been in and out of clinics , halfway houses and detox units for years . egoyan's attention to detail and ability to establish mood are so impeccable that even the sound of a kettle boiling resonates like a plaintive cry . mychael danna , who composed the shimmering music for " the ice storm , " contributes another memorable score that shivers and tingles . equally impressive is paul sarossy's cinematography , capturing the imposing canadian mountainsides and low-hanging fogs as splendidly as his shadowy interiors--in one scene a bright wall calendar serves to illuminate portions of a room . " the sweet hereafter , " while undeniably grim , urges the viewer to grab onto life with both hands and not let go . it's a film of generous subtlety and emotion .
[100]   neg neg yes otherwise the catholic priests are shown cool - drinking , smoking and breaking the rool of celibacy . carpenter has created an interesting atmosphere . set in new mexican dessert , he switches between bright golden sunrises and bloody sundowns , symbolically illustrating the good and the evil through light and darkness . more than anything in this film , this simple illustration shows the battle between good and evil . the cinematography by gary b . kibbe is probably the film's greatest achievement . music ( composed by john carpenter himself ) is at times effective , the special effects and makeup are likewise worth a notice . when it comes to the cast ( in an intellectual film like this casting is the last problem ; everyone can scream and swing the axe ! ) , but here james woods is suprisingly convincing . he is macho and cool as the dedicated hunter , who lost his family to the " breed of evil " . woods is constantly overacting , which really saves the film from falling into the trap of serious self importance . daniel baldwin is also entertaining as crow's loyal partner . the other cast members are struggling . because the film doesn't take itself too seriously , it stays afloat . still it is like most vampire-films - a mediocre experience .
[101]   neg neg yes . he keeps too much inside , so much that when the characters journey to a mental institution in the third act , you wonder why they just don't get the hell out of there . i think what happens to gavin is proof enough that there's something rotten in the state of teen angstdom . what this film needs to be is a lot longer , a lot more colorful , and a lot creepier . if the best villain they can come up with is a guidance counselor ( played by bruce greenwood , an atom egoyan regular obviously just trying to pay the rent ) who still thinks he can get away with it even when most is revealed , then they need to come up with a tougher , smarter villain . if he's so villainous , then why could two dense teenagers who couldn't figure out there was something going on until it was way too late find information on him in a couple minutes ? the film , which runs about 80 or so minutes , just needs to work on these things , and become a lot less sloppy . at such a short running time and with such lame , boring characters as these , it's pretty much obvious that leaving this film leaves a horribly unsatisfied taste in one's mouth , especially mine .
[102]   neg neg yes evil . ) hopkins is marked for death due to a bad ticker , but death steps in and grants him some extra time in exchange for being his guide in the world . of course , no one can be sure of how they will act when death taps on their shoulder . but i have to wonder ( and in this movie , you have a very long time to wonder ) how you or i would act in a similar situation , especially if you or i were a multimillionaire . hopkins pretty much goes to the office -- and the major subplot revolves around who will control the corporation . fans of corporate intrigue will be fascinated , i'm sure . i stayed awake all the way through meet joe black , and i'm asking myself why . movies about death should encourage you to live life to the fullest , which is what i'm going to do now . go spend time with your family , go volunteer for a local charity , heck , go take a nap . don't go see meet joe black , because all it will do is move you three long hours closer to death . -- curtis edmonds " no children have ever meddled with the republican party and lived to tell about it . " -- sideshow bob
[103]   neg neg yes ejogo and fall to the ground limply . i suppose i should give director thomas carter credit for taking the obligatory san francisco car chase ( how much do you want to bet on the likelihood of seeing a car soar over a hill ? ) and doing a few interesting things with it . as vehicles are sent flying and passengers sent sprawling by a runaway cable car , it is possible at least for a moment to take some pleasure in a goofy spin on a familiar situation . carter does an even better job by taking that old suspense stand-by -- the medicine cabinet mirror which will close to reveal a killer standing behind someone -- and using it to defuse tension not once , but _twice_ . the fact that carter was able to demonstrate even that much recognition of cliches , and a willingness to subvert them , makes his involvement in the rest of the disaster that is metro all the more puzzling . an action film like this plods so relentlessly and obviously from point a to point b to point c that you might find yourself shouting out " point c ! " while they're still getting to point b , or getting up with the rest of the audience after the big explosion which signals that nothing else of any consequence is going to happen .
[104]   neg neg yes of where its going , not developing any characters or throwing any concrete plot details across the table , constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest hint of an individuality , and sub plots that have nothing to do with what seems to the main focus of the film . the film runs at a short 78 minutes , but it seems to be more in the vicinity of two hours , as the bleak , slow pacing makes children of the corn 666 : issac's return excruciatingly boring . plot holes are everywhere in tim sulka and john franklin's unbelievably horrible script , as nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion . everyone and everything involved with children of the corn 666 : issac's return , namely writers john franklin and tim sulka , along with director kari skogland , should crawl under a rock , and hope no one sees their horrible work of trash . the bottom line : horrible , horrible , horrible . another attempt to revive this worn out genre falls flat . and what's with that title ? the devil has nothing to do whatsoever with this film . let's pray that this is the finale in one of the worst current film series . one of the worst horror films in years .
[105]   neg neg yes else occurred , but once again i was let down . i also don't know why the film took so long and cost so much . there was really no super affects at all , unless you consider an invisible devil , who was in it for 5 minutes tops , worth the overpriced budget . the budget should have gone into a better script , where at least audiences could be somewhat entertained instead of facing boredom . it's pitiful to see how scripts like these get bought and made into a movie . do they even read these things anymore ? it sure doesn't seem like it . thankfully gabriel's performance gave some light to this poor film . when he walks down the street searching for robin tunney , you can't help but feel that he looked like a devil . the guy is creepy looking anyway ! when it's all over , you're just glad it's the end of the movie . don't bother to see this , if you're expecting a solid action flick , because it's neither solid nor does it have action . it's just another movie that we are suckered in to seeing , due to a strategic marketing campaign . save your money and see the world is not enough for an entertaining experience .
[106]   neg neg yes feel most badly about . if their material had been just a bit better , this film could have been such a funny movie . fairuza balk plays sandler's leather-wearing biker-chick love interest and does a great job playing sleazy and sexy at the same time . winkler is great as the coach who uses a " coaching for dummies " -style book to help him get through games . the real standout though , is kathy bates . even with some of the worst material of her career to deal with , she is still a treat to watch in her role as sandler's overprotective and overbearing mama . even with the performances of bates and winkler , there is absolutely no way i would recommend this movie . although i get the distinct impression that without them , this film would have ranked in negative numbers for me . which is sad , because i can't really put my finger on a particular element of the movie and single it out as the cause of the disaster that it became . it's obvious that those involved , specifically the actors , tried very hard to make what they thought was going to be a funny movie . it's just too bad that 99 percent of all of the jokes fell flat .
[107]   neg neg yes seen the documentary wrestling with shadows , documenting wwf owner vince mcmahon's double-crossing of bret hart , will probably realize via the reviews and previews of ready to rumble , that it is basically a rip-off of that film's storyline with the poor man's wayne and garth thrown in for comedic affect . you can tell titus sinclair is supposed to poke fun at vince , but any self-respecting wrestling fan knows that sinclair is more inspired by bischoff than vince , and that vince did what he had to do to bret hart . all of these aspects of the film , needless to say , seriously offended me as a wrestling fan . another thing i found disturbing about the film was the romance between gordie and nitro girl sasha ( the lovely rose mcgowan ) . wouldn't it have been easier to bring something new into the relationship rather than revealing she was only working on gordie at sinclair's insistance ? i hate that cliche ! the world wrestling federation would have made a better film . they are the promotion everyone cares about , they are winning the ratings , they have better wrestlers , and they take their fans into consideration and don't treat fans like morons . so , vince , how about a movie ?
[108]   neg neg yes the movie : leland palmer , bobby briggs , james , shelly , leo , the log lady and a few others--mostly in meaningless cameos . the rest of the " twin peaks " cast is nowhere to be seen , and consequently , lynch fails to recreate the spirit and flavor of tv's most enigmatic town . cast members michael ontkean , sherilyn fenn , piper laurie , and richard beymer are sorely missed , not to mention lara flynn boyle , who has been replaced by lackluster moira kelly in the crucial role of donna . the movie concentrates solely on laura palmer ( sheryl lee ) as she suffers through drug abuse , prostitution , and incest , during her miserable last seven days on earth . the night of laura's death , which is truly terrifying , is the film's only remotely effective sequence . we finally get to see exactly what happened to laura after she jumped off james' motorcycle and ran into the woods at that lonely traffic light in the middle of nowhere . her murder unfolds just as agent cooper reconstructed it in the tv series , which is gratifying for faithful " twin peaks " viewers . but it's an awfully small reward for sitting through a painfully awful movie .
[109]   neg pos no  . not too surprisingly neither finds that his idea works out the way he quite expected . the plot turns in several places are contrived . one knows fairly quickly that if things are going to work our happily for everybody certain plot contrivances have to happen . lebanese-born josef fares who wrote and directed is perhaps a better director than he is a writer . when things start to get slow , he just adds throws in another story . for example halfway into the film mans innocently antagonizes some local toughs and a long chase is added to the film . characterization is a little better with roro than it is with mans who does not seem to have a whole lot more personality beyond fear for losing a biological function . we do see some of roro's family life and his concerns . that may be because roro's background is a lot like that of the director . while the story was entertaining , i did not feel that i got anything worthwhile from the film . it was just a way to pass about an hour and a half in my life . one does not have to go to the movies to see entertainment like this . i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[110]   neg neg yes robbed hours after touching down in chinatown . and , like her mother before her , she gets stage fright whenever she tries to do the open mike night thing . when she sees a trio of babe-a-licious barkeeps thumbing through a stack of $20s in an all-night diner , violet simply has to check out this bar they call coyote ugly . lil ( bello ) , the no-nonsense owner , agrees to give violet an audition but violet blows it . still , lil gives violet another chance . a riot breaks out ( riots are the order of the day at 'ugly's , since the staff are relentless in flaunting their sexual wares , flambeeing the bar , and soaking the patrons with diet sprite--this is certifiable behavior in case i didn't mention it ) but violet successfully subdues the crowd by singing along to blondie's " one way or another " on the jukebox . she's hired ! and cured , since this little episode gives her the confidence to sing in an amateur talent contest where her dad ( goodman ) , the junk food-eating , laundry-impaired toll collector , comes to see her and is as proud as punch . the end .
[111]   neg neg yes a packed house of theater-goers to laugh out loud . the material in the movie is on-key for an older demographic than judge is used to targeting , and this could partially explain his work here . however , the movie is loaded with too many misfires -- including the token plot -- to allow for any excuse . the plot centers around three or four cubicled engineers , headed up by peter gibbons ( ron livingston ) , at a company named initech . after the movie elaborately establishes the miserable working conditions at initech , the movie introduces us to two consultants ( john c . mcginley and paul willson ) which are in charge of " downsizing " the company's payroll . when peter and his gang learns of this , as well as the reason behind it -- so their smooth talking boss bill lumbergh ( gary cole ) 's stock will go up -- they set about creating a plan to see his downfall . the circumstances that follow were obviously intended to be hilarious but they come out as anything but . a sympathetic cast and a muddled jennifer aniston-as-love-interest subplot are all that keep this one together , but it's definitely missable in lieu of something more intelligent .
[112]   neg neg yes is not a strong female lead ; mary in " mary " may have been part adolescent fantasy , but she was also intelligent and strong-willed . irene is nothing in particular , as the film never makes clear whether she's ditzy , clever , or neither . as such , she gives us nothing to latch onto as the only " sane " person in the film . chris cooper is stuck playing exactly one note as a corrupt fbi agent , and his character is entirely too straight-laced for a movie like this . he , like the others , does absolutely nothing unexpected . after viewing the shapeless mess that " me , myself & irene " eventually dissolved into , i was stuck wondering whether or not the farrellys had outsmarted themselves . maybe their kind of comedy can only work for so long until audiences get wise to it and stop being shocked . but i don't believe it -- good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audiences even after people have grown attuned to their style . if the farrellys are indeed good , smart filmmakers ( and i still think they are ) , they'll rebound just fine . even after that happens , though , i'll still consider " me , myself & irene " to be a high-caliber misfire .
[113]   neg neg yes has to go and inanely jump and land right in the middle of the lava . here's the cool sight : he melts . here's the dumb part of it : he somehow manages to throw the man to safety as his legs are melting . cool sight . no logic . but cool sight . the volcano erupts twice and for some reason , the film ends there . they aren't worried about it eruting again , they just go home to their toppled homes . but to tell the truth , i was glad they didn't go on . i was hoping the film was over after the first eruption ended . my god , it was actually painful to sit through this little 102 minute long film . i haven't seen " dante's peak " but i've heard it's a masterpiece compared to this . if you want to see a cool disaster flick that's inane but interesting , rent " the towering inferno " with steve mcqueen , paul newman , and the schweppervescent o . j . simpson ( he saves a cat ) . if you want to waste your time watching a boring , stupid disaster flick ( literally , it almost grossed half of its budget ) , see this . but i warned you .
[114]   neg neg yes along the lines of medicine man meets mrs . doubtfire meets dumb & dumber , and that's not a concoction anyone should be overly anxious to try . the overall product here is a highly forgettable cup of " average " , with a few laugh-out-loud moments and a great big gap in between them . most of the characters are surprisingly two-dimensional , and the only one who seems to exhibit any real acting effort ( lyonne ) seems to go greatly unappreciated . director todd holland has gone about making this film in all the wrong ways . it's stuck in limbo between disney family fare ( jungle 2 jungle ) and potentially hilarious adult comedy ( a fish called wanda ) . it's this unbalanced structure that really knocks it down a grade , and it's a brutal drop . a strong warning to parents : forget the impression given by advertisements , do you want to take your kids to a film that has a woman asking a man if he finds her attractive merely because she's holding his penis ? yes , it's put that bluntly ! just be warned - this is merely one example of the many shocking subjects to be brought up in the film , and others might not be as tame .
[115]   neg neg yes . as mentioned before , anyone looking for some disaster-movie carnage is going to feel savagely disappointed . . . maybe even cheated . after the unbelievably hokey final shot ( with the words ? the end' somehow adding insult to injury ) , a few audience members made the effort to boo and hiss at the screen . others muttered obscenities , shaking their heads in disbelief while mumbling `jeez , that sucked . ' okay , it did suck . but you have to show the actors some sympathetic mercy . . . after all , they do pretty well . sinise is sincere and effective in many of his scenes , robbins and nielsen wholeheartedly convince as a loving nasa couple , and funnyman o'connell - well , he has a couple lines are actually amusing ( and intentionally so ) . the digital effects accompanying the sand tornado sequence are quite impressive . so , by golly , where did this `mission' go wrong ? looking back on the appalling experience , i would say in practically every conduit and crevasse it could have . while watching `mission to mars' , my suggestion would be to immediately abort , or better yet , don't even strap yourself in for lift-off .
[116]   neg neg yes a cocky pretty boy before the alien takes control . the rest of the cast also fails to add much , but the writing can be faulted for that . helgenberger and madsen go through the motions , but they are already hampered by the clich ? d development that somewhere between the two films , the once-linked laura and press stopped getting along . williamson suffers the worst indignity . he tries his best to enliven the token african-american role , but how can anyone recite insulting , derivative lines such as " i'm gonna get african on someone's ass " and not appear ridiculous ? but species ii's worst crime is being a thoroughly uninteresting piece of work . at least the original featured plenty to laugh at--unaccountably awful performances by the otherwise fine actors ben kingsley and whitaker , and the sight of helgenberger's character performing fellatio on madsen's , for a start . but the filmmakers do not display any discernable effort at all , let alone the misguided effort that is required for something to reach the camp level . for all the blood and gore , nudity , and sex thrown in , species ii is , quite simply , a vapid bore .
[117]   neg neg yes , the father , and the boy . sometimes the script throws us tidbits of francis's wisdom which illuminate little while merely sounding insightful . ( " i'm optimistic by nature . i'm optimistic about nothing . " " loneliness is my only true companion . " ) we learn more details about francis's makeup techniques than about the man himself . he prefers shoe polish for his hair and sink cleaning powder for his teeth . full of metaphorical interpretations , the film's best scene occurs late one night when george has to get up to go to the bathroom . mistaking francis's picture of a toilet for the genuine article , he urinates on it and then crawls back into bed contentedly . like a parody of a bad art house movie , love is the devil has horrid characters filmed bizarrely and confusingly by a director who is much more interested in technique than storytelling . by the end , the audience hasn't learned any more than it could have in a three-minute sketch . love is the devil runs 1 : 30 . the film is not rated but should be considered nc-17 for violence , profanity , graphic sex , nudity and sadomasochism and is unacceptable for most teenagers .
[118]   neg neg yes throwaway role during the climax , and this unnecessary plot development sticks out like a sore thumb ( tellingly , he didn't appear in the original cut of the film , but was cast when extensive reshoots took place months later ) . like most action movies , the star often takes a licking but keeps on ticking . in the course of the 102-minute running time of " payback , " porter is shot three times in the back , hit by a van , beaten up , and has his feet smashed with a sledgehammer . and guess what ? not only does he survive the whole ordeal , but he is happy-go-lucky in the penultimate sequence ( and can still walk ! ) , even though he looks like he had recently substituted for a punching bag . " payback " is not , in any way , an entertaining film , even though i am sure the makers hoped it would be with all the graphic carnage that goes on , but take away that violence and what you are basically left with is a blank screen . perhaps director helgeland would have been smart to consider this , so he could have at least added a few worthwhile elements , like a fresh storyline and characters whom you could even remotely stand to be around for a few hours .
[119]   neg neg yes move they're making . they look a lot like they're bored . just like the audience . so what do you have when the humor is absent from your comedy , and the acting is like the siberian steppes ? a film that drags more than a dropped anchor . but wait ! as if these problems don't make the film slow enough , the screenplay's pacing makes the movie even slower ! it takes the entire first half hour to establish the movie's premise , then more time as the film wades through a tortuous ( and seemingly mandatory ) romance between ricky and kate , and a sub-plot involving a conniving pr man ( eric mccormack ) who wants to discredit g and take over ricky's job as producer . when the pr guy's plan is foiled , the film is climaxes , we're treated to that little epilogue , and then we can all go home , right ? wrong . the movie goes on for another half hour ! continental drift is the indy 500 compared to the pace of holy man ! the only thing holy about holy man will surely be the number of people exclaiming " holy ! @#% that movie was awful ! " this one is for the truly pious .
[120]   neg neg yes , had it been worked over a few more times , tightened up here and there , and been injected with more solid laughs . but as things stand now , there is no doubt in my mind that the obvious greed to capitalize on the success of last year's film has led everyone down this path , so screw them for not trying as hard ( critically speaking , of course ) . you should all be ashamed of yourselves for not putting enough " real " effort into this chop-job and for not providing your fans with the ultimate of your talents . pooh on you ! ( that's telling 'em , joblo ! sheesh ) btw , i'm allotting one point alone to actress kathleen robertson , whose massive breasts and skanky g-string had me chompin' at the bit . you go , girl ! everyone else . . . stay ! where's joblo coming from ? airplane ( 10/10 ) - airplane ii ( 10/10 ) - galaxy quest ( 8/10 ) - hannibal ( 7/10 ) - the haunting ( 3/10 ) - mafia ( 5/10 ) - naked gun ( 8/10 ) - scary movie ( 8/10 ) - top secret ( 9/10 )
[121]   neg neg yes is infectious . when she spits out lines like " you've won the battle , but i'm about to win the wardrobe ! , " the film comes briefly to life . " 101 dalmatians " is crammed with john hughes' typical heavy-handed approach to comedy . after an ingenuous opening showing pongo's morning routine as he gets daniels prepared for the day , the film quickly tumbles into lame slapstick as the pooch drags daniels on a careening trek through a city park . a little slapstick goes a long way , but hughes just keeps laying it on . the second half of the film , where local animals team up to rescue 99 nondescript dalmatian puppies from devil and her henchmen , is a tedious home alone clone , with the bad guys enduring a variety of sadistic assaults worthy of an itchy & scratchy cartoon , including a thug getting his testicles fried on an electric fence . " 101 dalmatians " has cute puppies and a hoot of a performance from glenn close , but not enough to warrant enduring third rate slapstick , bland characters , and unconvincing animatronic raccoons high-fiving one another . rent the cartoon !
[122]   neg neg yes are the only reason that this film should have any sense of pride , no matter how small . i was impressed with the opening sequence , so long as i didn't allow the melodramatic voice-over and lobotomizing editing to get to me . and batman has nothing on the spectacular visuals spawn's outfit created . but even the effects got tiresome during the final scenes , which looked quite a bit like a modern video game . who knows if " spawn : the video game " wasn't part of the plan from the beginning ? keeping in mind that the film was based on a comic book makes it somewhat more approachable , and in a very small amount , makes up for the cheeziness of it all . but none of this movie's saving graces can it make it something i'd recommend seeing , no matter what the price of admission . this movie is definitely not for young children , which shouldn't really be a problem seeing as how only teenagers , if anyone , would likely find it appealing . if you really want to catch a movie , there are many better ones out there , no matter what your tastes might be ! trust me ! " spawn " has very little to offer even the most avid moviegoers !
[123]   neg neg yes outside . 2 and 2 . wh : so you're saying that we should give this one a miss ? jb : that's right . to use baseball terminology , it's a three-pitch strikeout . if you're looking for a good movie that involves baseball , try popping the natural , field of dreams , bull durham , or even the first major league into the vcr . actually , this is an oddly-timed release , since baseball fans are likely to be spending more time in parks than in theaters . even the minor league seasons are already underway . don't bother with major league : back to the minors . it's a wretched time- waster . wh : thanks for the advice . jb : you're welcome . hc : and here's the 2-2 pitch . fouled back , right into this booth . hey , jim , heads up ! oops . somebody better get him some ice for that . he may be good at deflecting bad baseball movies , but he needs to learn not to duck into foul balls . odd how warren seemed to aim that ball right at him , almost as if he has a grudge to settle . anyway , back to the action on the field ?
[124]   neg neg yes dante's peak . in a disaster movie , there's usually one guy who's greedy enough to cover up the possibility of eruption/fire/earthquake/explosion/tsunami/tornado/meteorite , and usually gets killed by the disaster . it's okay , of course , because we all think he got what he deserved . if you're going to be unoriginal , you might as well go all the way . in dante's peak , the city councilmembers are concerned , but they don't really try hard enough . maybe the mayor's abrasive mother-in-law should have been the one . for no apparent reason , she snaps at harry for even positing that the volcano could erupt . perhaps her ancestors invested in some pompeii real estate . there are a couple of good things about this movie . the first is the scenery . there are panoramic shots of forests , lakes and mountains that are absolutely beautiful . the second is the special effects . they are the closest i've ever seen to a real pyroclastic eruption . but when elements which don't speak are going to be the best parts of your movie , you'd probably better rewrite the script .
[125]   neg neg yes of the movie's way of dealing with complex legal and moral questions in cheap screenwriterly slam-bang fashion . this is the biggest problem : the movie isn't about jackson's character , or his dilemma , or this case , or any of its ( frequently interesting despite the porcine writing and direction ) characters . it's not ultimately about anything at all , except its stupid geared-down plot , which inches onwards in one unremarkable scene after another towards a totally contrived ending . at two and a half hours , the movie is overlong and drastically overwritten : there's endless stuff about things which ultimately add up to nothing , and no writing about the material that should really matter . it's all handwaving . the closing argument are also sneaky and underhanded , and underscored my suspicion that the movie is manipulative and unfair . it's not easy to make a movie about something . the other day i saw kurosawa's phenomenal rashomon , a movie that is really about the way people deal with truth and reality ( or don't ) . a time to kill is as empty and ponderous a movie as i've seen in a long time .
[126]   neg neg yes but his finnegan just isn't believable . an interesting supporting cast is thoroughly wasted ; pretty famke janssen , best known as " goldeneye " 's killer thighs , is trapped in a forced romantic interest with williams , while kevin j . o'connor , as finnegan's mechanic , provides comic relief with screechy manic shtick that gets old fast . djimon honsou , who received raves for his performance as a noble slave in december's " amistad , " pops up in a brief part . he needs to stay away from the water . the movie's final shot is a groaner , as is the 11th-hour regurgitation of a subplot involving an on-ship saboteur . as if a cast deserving of their snack food-fate isn't bad enough ( when you taunt the monster , you're really asking for it ) , " deep rising " is a slow , stupid slog through a story without a single bright spot . and since we all know that the higher the casualty rate is , the closer we are to the end of the movie , rooting for this overgrown squid to swallow the whole ship isn't out of the question .
[127]   neg neg yes negligible point-of-view -- it claims to see things from the black perspective , but the entire narrative focus is on the soap opera tales of the white owners . with a little more maturity and different handling , " mandingo " might have been an effective , worthwhile film . while it portrays many sensitive aspects of slavery , it never deals with them . the issues the movie brings up are worthwhile , but wexler's script refuses to move them beyond a surface level of trashily vicarious viewing . there is a great deal of potential in honestly exploring the nature of a sexual relationship between slave and owner , but " mandingo " never does it . steven spielberg touched on that same topic in " schindler's list " ( 1993 ) , by looking at a nazi officer writhing in inner turmoil because of his feelings for a jewish maid . the difference between that film and " mandingo " is that spielberg dealt with the situation in a fair , unexploitive manner that focused on the inherent human dilemma . " mandingo " is satisfied to simply show some skin , and because of that , its " trashy potboiler " nature overshadows any potential social good it might have accomplished .
[128]   neg neg yes say he makes keanu reeves look like brando . he has the same kind of slacker stuttering , only much much much worse , and every line he says is so bad that i have now deemed him " least talented actor in the world . " i have seen lots of bad actors , but james duval has got to be the worst . or at least somewhere up there . here's another example of a bad scene , if you're still not convinced : the film opens up in a club where they're playing nine inch nail's most banal song , " heresy " ( example of the lines : " god is dead/and no one cares/if there is a hell/i'll see you there " ) , and as the song plays , and red strobe lights show the patrons dancing , the film pans over to amy , just standing there , looking dispondent . the film closes in on her , she looks right at the camera and says " fuck . " no explanation of this should be necessary . and finally , a note to gregg : grow up . really . move out of your parent's basement , read something other than salinger , and get a day job . and don't quit it .
[129]   neg neg yes . brandis doesn't bother to mimic a girl's voice either . then there is a pointless scene where chester and matthew shop for a dress , but for what reason ? martha is only seen on the soccer field , why would they buy a dress for her ? just when we think the martha character is going to be useful , she disappears , and the story wanders aimlessly looking for a new plot to pick up on . when bess discovers what's really going on she breaks up with chester , and the relationship is forgotten about and the film focuses on the soccer team and the tension between chester and his boss . this film could've been less bad had it been the cliche sports comedy , but it feels the need to go off on tangents that are completely unnecessary ( and bad at that ) . there's just too much of a sit-com feel here , especially during the so-called serious moments , and all the confusion between the characters . i've seen worse movies than " ladybugs , " but for some reason it contained some sort of bizarre charm , so even when it turns sour it doesn't seem as bad as it is . dangerfield finally gets his respect in the end , but at what a price .
[130]   neg neg yes way , pick up an additional helper- a beautiful hustler ( played by the gorgeous vanessa angel ) . the main problem i had with kingpin wasn't the fact it wasn't funny . in fact , it does have some rather hilarious scenes in it , such as the aformentioned above and roy's explanation of not having children ( something involving a cheese grater ? ) . but that's just it- scenes . there's a couple of really serious scenes that throw off the entire momentum of the movie , like the abuse angel takes from her hustler ex-boyfriend . i mean , was this really necessary ? couldn't have this been handled just a bit wackier ? i mean , this is a comedy , why throw ethics in ? particularly in a farrelly brothers vehicle , where hair gel can be easily mistaken ? that really ruined it , however , and that's too bad . the acting is top notch , especially from angel and murray , and the really funny scenes are worth noting . still , if you're going to think dumb , think dumb all the way through , ok ? at least the farrelly brothers got back on track with mary or i'd still be a little bit irked .
[131]   neg neg yes as " the #1 comedy in america " as of may 8th . did we attend the same movie ? ! at 87 minutes it seemed overlong , like a snl skit on steroids , and at any length it seemed unfunny . yes , the sets and costumes were an interesting exaggeration of 60s pop frills , and yes , the concept , dealing with a 60s secret agent/pop icon ( played by myers ) awakened from his cryogenic slumber to battle his arch enemy ( dr . evil , also played by myers ) in the present day , had a great deal of potential . fun costumes and scenery and potential do not a movie make so lets throw in a hefty dose of bathroom humor . don't get me wrong , i like a good " bubbles in the bathtub joke " as much as the next person , but to have this type of humor be the funniest thing about your movie is a waste of yuor talent and my money . but , the way things work these days in the movie business , all a film has to do is call itself the funniest and people will believe it . i do give this film stars because of the sets , costumes , and sadly , unmet potential .
[132]   neg neg yes of the scene automatically . instead , it's all rather boring . sure , the music is pretty ( by michael kamen ) and the cinematography isn't bad ( by eduardo serra ) but there's something lacking . the script doesn't help , filled with hopeless romantic clich ? s , and dud speeches . richard matheson can write some awesome science fiction stories , sadly this novel would look embarrassed in a bargain bin , let alone being converted into a $70 million vehicle for robin williams . despite being set in heaven , what dreams may come is mightily depressing . the film rushes a happy ending , but everything before this is very , very sad and black , which just adds to make the ending even more hopeless and stupid . but there's one redeeming feature about this failure of a movie : the special effects . heaven and hell are truly incredible places , and the actors fit perfectly with the virtual sets . but despite this , what dreams may come , proves to be nothing but the biggest disappointment of 1998 . instead of raising questions about existence , it raises boredom . sadly , i recommend you give this film a miss . better luck next time , robin . a david wilcock review ? 1998 " you know , for kids " - norville barnes
[133]   neg neg yes is just another example of the fast-food equivalent of cinema : mass-produced , less than mediocre , over priced , and hard to stomach . giving it one-and-a-half stars is * extremely * generous , but even i'll admit to laughing a few times . the amazing thing is that even in a theater packed with little kids , laughter was something rarely heard - even from the children ! i must admit that it gave me more respect for the kids when they didn't crack up over every little thing . then again , maybe they were asleep . some people might think critics are harsh on kid movies , claiming adults aren't the targeted audience and therefore aren't meant to , and won't , enjoy them . sadly , it's also true that kids will enjoy almost anything if it's presented right . a two-hour still shot of a dog with a cartoonish voice over could entertain a lot of toddlers out there , but would that make it as artistic as beauty and the beast , which could easily do the same thing ? and saying that a parent's perspective isn't important is quite a poor theory to have when they're the ones who take the kids to these films in the first place .
[134]   neg neg yes excellent portrayal of ricardo , secretary to mr jones , a reckless ruffian capable of murder . sewell , with his cockney accent and large expressive green eyes , becomes the true terror of the unholy trinity , masterminding deceitful plans behind jones' back . at the same time , we are entertained by the foolhardiness of his plans . despite the authentic setting and marvellous cinematography by bruno de keyzer , very few images are left behind for us to savour after the film has ended . sourabaya and its surrounding islands and volcanoes may have their charm , but mean nothing once the film fails to capture the essence of an epic , which is what victory deserves to be . the delicately inter-woven complexities in the love story are lost to an inadequate production . at the end of the film , we are told that perhaps alma's victory was in teaching heyst how to love . a hollow victory indeed . the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video . * * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha ! * * * pretty good , bring a friend . * * * * amazing , potent stuff . * * * * * perfection . see it twice .
[135]   neg neg yes a couple of criminals ( mario van peebles and loretta devine ) move into a rich family's house in hopes of conning them out of their jewels . however , someone else steals the jewels before they are able to get to them . writer mario van peebles delivers a clever script with several unexpected plot twists , but director mario van peebles undermines his own high points with haphazard camera work , editing and pacing . it felt as though the film should have been wrapping up at the hour mark , but alas there was still 35 more minutes to go . daniel baldwin ( i can't believe i'm about to type this ) gives the best performance in the film , outshining the other talented members of the cast . [r]
[136]   neg neg yes ! ' and the incessant sputtering of `oh , sh * t ! ' this is virtually the same character he played in jerry maguire and as good as it gets . but where gooding was once an exciting actor , he now seems dull and endlessly monotonous . at least he's a bit more captivating than ulrich , who has all the film's worst dialogue , but does nothing noticeable to enliven his character . the supporting cast , which includes every personality you expect to pop up , is also wasted . to be fair , there are a few brief moments of serviceable action . and i did chuckle a few times . one example is when ulrich ( an employee at `darlene's diner' ) is at the counter when brynner walks through the door . `you own this place ? ' the general asks . `yeah , ' ulrich says . `they call me darlene . ' these little tidbits of humor are ( mainly ) welcome in this weak , disappointing wreckage of an action film . as a speed clone , it could have benefited from a lot more suspense and perhaps ( god forbid ) even some decent writing . sadly , i walked away from chill factor only wondering how much fun it could have been .
[137]   neg neg yes in this film are supposed to be " smarter " than i am ) . during the finale , when we are finally introduced to the translucent , conehead , kitty-faced aliens that we ostensibly sprung from , we are presented with some of the most ridiculously cartoonish cgi ever put to film ( just slightly worse than the plane crash at the end of air force one or the hell scenes in spawn ) . a brief history lesson about " where we came from " is proffered , then sinise is whisked away to be with " the rest of our people " ( he does this because his late wife proclaims in a video he watches early on that " this is a chance to step foot where no one else has " ) . >from the press i've been seeing this film receive , it is apparent that mission to mars will be dying a quick death at the theater . i'm sure the first weekend or two will be huge , but once word gets out people will stop going . let's just hope the upcoming red planet is better than this and isn't hurt by the negativity this film is generating . i'd venture to say it won't be worse than this waste of time . [pg]
[138]   neg neg yes progresses . christopher george's performance is salvageable , but he gets his brains ripped out in the end by a zombie and we don't care . in fact we don't care for anyone in city of the living dead , though in other fulci films that hasn't mattered so much when he was on form as a stylist and an ideas man , as he was in the beyond . as a director , some of fulci' idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and annoying here . he constantly uses extreme close-ups of people's eyes , a ridiculous technique which suggests an attempt to convey the emotion that his dialogue and actors aren't capable of . and despite some gruesome violence , he barely manages a single scare in the entire film . long-time collaborator fabio frizzi , talented but always erratic , offers a patchy soundtrack that veers between eerie , gothic death marches and woefully inappropriate electro-pop that's quite frankly embarrassing . fulci's other films of this period may be flawed - house by the cemetery , the beyond , the black cat - but they are nonetheless films with more inspiration , atmosphere and better dialogue than this turkey . for completists only .
[139]   neg neg yes off as a brainless bimbo . in addition to shue and sevigny , the kennel includes gina gershon ( who filled the dimwit-with-a-shady-past role in " bound " ) as harry's girlfriend nina ; when harry gets out of jail , she licks his face ( now there's a horndog ) . the parts are so overplayed that with a little push " palmetto " could have been an over-the-top parody of film noir a la " romeo is bleeding . " as it is , it's best watched at 2am on showtime ( the love scenes seem to have been written for one of that channel's soft porn programs anyway ) . " palmetto " has a well-known director , volker schl ? ndorff , who's best known for his adaptations of major literary works , especially " the tin drum . " i suppose he must have been drawn to this plot-by-numbers script by the same admiration for classic film noir that led scorsese to remake " cape fear . " schl ? ndorff tries hard-he makes an interesting motif out of the ubiquitous palmetto bugs-but nothing can freshen up this stale script .
[140]   neg neg yes flick is a disaster alright . directed by tony scott ( top gun ) , it tells the story about an asteroid the size of texas caught on a collision course with earth . and you thought that dinky little comet in deep impact was trouble . jeez . after a great opening , in which an american spaceship , plus the city of new york , are completely destroyed by a comet shower , nasa detects the said asteroid and go into a frenzy . they hire the world's best oil driller ( bruce willis ) , and send him and his crew up into space to fix our globel problem . that's like sending a mouse into a cat carrier , isn't it ? the action in armageddon are so over the top , nonstop , and too ludicrous for words , i had to sigh and hit my head with my notebook a couple of times . i was not alone . plus , to see a wonderful actor like billy bob thornton is a film like armageddon is a waste of the actor's talents . the film is just a reel to show off a bunch of snazzy fx shots . the only real reason for making this film was to somehow out-perform deep impact . producer jerry bruckheimer fails with armageddon .
[141]   neg neg yes and the special effects . please note that while i enjoyed some of the visuals , i did not enjoy _all_ of them : some of the images looked like sandy duncan universe , everybody floating up and down in invisible strings . it sounds like a joke , but it+s really true : i really tried to block out the dialogue , and figure out what music would best work as an alternative soundtrack . my vote goes to a rare cd called " never say die " ( 1981 ) from petra , a christian rock group . it+s pretty good , and they have a song about annie , who commits suicide . ( it+s too late for annie/she+s gone away for good/there+s so much we'd have told her/and now we wish we could/but it+s too late . . . ) . melancholic , yes . depressing , yes . but far more entertaining . . . so , in case you don+t know , let me be straight . suicide--bad . _don+t do it_ . no . no . no . ( got it ? --you shouldn+t have to pay $7 . 50 to hear this in an awful robin williams schmaltzfest . )
[142]   neg neg yes in fantastically elaborate setups . had it been a cartoon , and the victim be an equivalent of elmer fudd , maybe my reaction would have been softened . but to farmer hoggett ? his wife ? an elderly mickey rooney ? much too irreverent . ( " quick ! splice those singing mice into those scenes ! " ) . the film isn't a colossal failure . i did like glenne headley's schmoozy chimpanzee . i liked the pink poodle . the dog on the cart , who momentarily thinks he's in dog heaven . and a weird looking guy who may have been doubly-cast as an airport employee and a judge . but most of the time , i was looking down , in boredom , or in embarrassment over the hacked-up script . them singing mice , those chapter partitions , the proficient acting of the animals-- none of these can compensate for a story . let me spoil the final scene : farmer hoggett looks at pig , proud , says " that'll do , pig . that'll do . " that's it . hope i didn't ruin it for you . but tell me this : what the heck did that pig _do_ ?
[143]   neg neg yes entertaining value of the film is cleavage . it just shows you how disgraceful the film really is . alan rickman however was not so lucky . after his last hit ( dogma ) he embarrasses himself by doing this sloppy mess . it's just a shame to see talented actors and actresses throw their ability away . when the film couldn't get any worse , thankfully some nice special effects pop up . like many big blockbusters ( armageddon , the haunting to name a few ) they rely heavily on effects to help boost the film's box office results . times it works , but unfortunately we have to shell out hard earned money and suffer through this junk . when will it stop ? i am getting tired of being suckered into seeing such trash . it may look fine and dandy , but we need to at least have a story . is that too much to ask ? obviously it is . when galaxy quest finally ends , it literally crash lands . aside from the impressive looking creatures from industrial light and magic , it's an embarrassment to the cast , and it's embarrassing to the science fiction genre . it's not the least bit fun , nor was it entertaining . the only place where this movie belongs is to infinity and beyond .
[144]   neg pos no  evil superdemon he's expected to be , and he sets about avenging his untimely death . typical of summer blockbusters , spawn is an effects-laden ninety minute rock video . while the visions of hell are laughably crude ( think the virtual reality sequences of the lawnmower man ) , spawn's prehensile outfit and the action sequences are truly something to behold . but the storytelling is completely lacking in emotion ( spawn longs for his wife , but they don't have a single scene together before simmons' death ! ) , conflict ( who will triumph is not anybody's guess ) , and believability ( not that i expected it ) . so many questions are left unanswered , and i'm sure they won't be addressed in the inevitable sequel . while last year's the crow : city of angels suffered similar problems with its narrative ( which was lazy and somewhat incoherent ) , it had atmosphere to spare and genuine moments of hypnotic power . spawn is an in-your-face , screaming banshee of a film ; these guys know how to graft a comic book onto celluloid , but they haven't the faintest idea how to make a movie .
[145]   neg neg yes like " actor delivers a stunning macbeth , " actor courted by hollywood studio , " " actor renounces hollywood for priesthood , " and " prostitute fingers priest in sex scandal . " the film's plot could have been just as easily condensed . " artist moves in next door to shakespearean psychopath . " " yawns ensue . " so dobie rants and raves and sarah chips away at large blocks of granite till way past their bedtimes . late in the film , their paths finally cross with mind-numbing results . nobody else in the apartment complex appears to mind all the racket , but one old dear does go ballistic when sarah's bathtub overflows . no , we don't see wright in the tub ( or fahey for that matter ) , and the gore quotient is virtually nil , so for a horror film " the sculptress " is surprisingly lacking . the only thing worth looking at is san francisco , and writer/director ian merrick manages to make even it look dreary , windswept , and deserted . " the sculptress " isn't even bad enough to be fun . luckily , a limited release has made it easy to avoid .
[146]   neg neg yes will not be traced because of a trace buster that prevents tracing . but , mr . nishi has a trace buster buster . to counter that , cisco's partner has a trace buster buster buster . but nishi has a trace buster buster buster buster . and so on . . . there is no doubt that this is an interesting world in which they live . and there are lots of issues that we'd like to know more about . how does melvin justify his profession to his fiancee ? what goes on among this clique ? why is cisco at odds with melvin ? there is actually a lot of potential material that could have been explored , but it seems that no effort is made to go in that direction , and instead we are given a not-so-engrossing plot filled with one-liners , silly sight gags , extraneous sub-plots and tomfoolery . and , i haven't even mentioned his financee's visiting parents who want them to separate , nor melvin's mistress , nor the pimple-faced video clerk demanding the return of an overdue video and on and on and on . if the big hit signals the future of hong kong style movies that are made for american audiences , then shoot me now .
[147]   neg neg yes regan's body , before it is too late . some of the bad things exorcist ii has in it is : linda blair , she had no need to revive her character , and she is really terrible in this film , she brings it down to a lull , and in places it seems like it just stops in its place , and doesn't go anywhere . louise fletcher is alright for what it's worth , but she could have done a lot better than this . the direction by john boorman , is that of a confused , stylish nature that i really couldn't figure out . in fact , i had no idea what was going on in this film , the script was jumbled , the plot was jumbled , and the ending is just laugh out loud hilariosly bad . for those exorcist fans who haven't seen this one , i recommend renting it . i actually gave this one a high rating , if it were any worse it would have deserved zero pumpkins , i went easy on it however because of the fact that it has a bit of good direction , but nothing else ! im not saying i like the film now , so dont start going anywhere . bad , bad , bad movie .
[148]   neg neg yes first straight character part , is in turn appealing and appalling . at one moment he can try to pressure a male employee into a sexual situation , then at the next moment apologize for his bad behavior and offer the young man a handful of cash . the story is told by shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe ) , a new jersey lad who dreams of crossing the river to the big apple . shades of john travolta's brooklyn-bound tony in saturday night fever . eventually , shane does come to new york , attracts rubell's eye and is admitted to the promised land . his looks get him a job as a busboy , and he is later promoted to the prestigious position of bartender , where he mixes with and makes drinks for the rich and famous . shane's dream is to meet soap star julie black ( neve campbell ) , a fellow garden stater . but both characters are so sketchily drawn that even when they do hook up , it's no big deal . the chemistry between shane and julie is nonexistent . 54 is a very cold , uninvolving movie . it's all strobe lights and glitz , all substance . it's sort of like the musical era it covers .
[149]   neg neg yes performance made it doubly so . however , after the wedding , the film drags on . they should have attempted to come to a quick conclusion , but it then gets into the serious side of what he's done . he reconciles with his parents and his friends , some of which had turned on him . there are several scenes which seemed like a waste of time , the scene with his mother and her friends , which was hilarious , seemed pointless , and the scene with tom selleck in the bar with joan seemed pointless . finally , even though i am not catholic , i found the scene with the priest to be condescending . the preist cannot believe that a man was engaged for three years and had not consumated the relationship , proclaiming to brackett in the third person , " he's gay . " it got a chuckle from the audience , but i was distracted by it , and began to tire of the film . by the time the wedding had come and gone , i found myself hoping it would be over soon . ( much like this review you are saying ) overall , if i have to quantify it , i say , rising action gets * * * * and climax and falling action gets . see it in economy time .
[150]   neg neg yes a month ago i wrote that speed 2 was the worst film i've ever reviewed on paper . i didn't know at the time that i'd soon encounter and despise batman & robin , which has just overtaken speed 2 as the picture least worthy of your attention this summer . as directed by joel schumacher ( who now specializes in batman sequels and john grisham adaptations and isn't very good at either ) , b & r is one long excuse for a taco bell promotion . the plot , which has mr . freeze and poison ivy ( uma thurman ) planning to take over gotham city and then " the vorld " ( as an oddly ineffective schwarzenegger states ) , is weighted down by repetitive asides about the nature of trust , partnership , blah , blah , blah . but morals are not the point of this film--topping each bloated , confusing action scene with next one is . the garish art direction and overlit cinematography make this picture oddly comparable to the trashy showgirls . since when did gotham city become a giant las vegas hotel ? only george clooney comes out on top ; he underplays nicely and pretends like he's in a real movie .
[151]   neg neg yes shoddier fill in the blank-from-hell flicks ever made . you can see through a great deal of martha's actions and lies from their conception ; why do people who have known this woman for years longer than we have never figure things out ? does nobody communicate or read the newspaper in this town ? if any of her potential victims thought , acted or behaved like normal people , " hush " would be a really short movie . and then there's the climax and ending , which abruptly come when helen starts having contractions after eating some pound cake spiked with a labor-inducing drug normally used on horses . after a really weird chase scene , martha calmly knits in a rocking chair while forcing helen to give birth in a bed all by herself . i won't spoil what happens next except to say that it's contradictory , illogical and ( probably , since i'm no doctor ) medically impossible . the final scene offers no closure , no resolution , no confrontation whatsoever . it's just there , dangling amidst silent displeasure . no one should like this ending , regardless of their feelings on the preceding material . perhaps " hush " 's title is a plea to silence its audience's likely bitter word of mouth while exiting the theater .
[152]   neg neg yes ) . ( the logic is that people will pay more to see black vs . white than black vs . black . ) he may be right , in an absurdly accurate way , but the film doesn't give us a reason to care . as a scathing sports spoof , hype is just that : unfunny , unfocused , and , at times , just plain pointless . as a commentary on race relations , it's even * less * effective . the dialogue is the best of this mess , lines like jon lovitz exclaiming " i cannot make caviar out of fish eggs ! " writers tony hendra and ron shelton also do good on the street slang , though we never hear enough of it . the script isn't strong enough , though , to support the aggressive camera work of director reginald hudlin ( house party ) . he comes across as absolute overkill . the great white hype * almost * turns around at the end , at the big match , when hudlin attempts an extended gag of rock-concert proportions . with costumed dwarfs , gangsta rappers , and the " champ " dressed as death , only then do we get a glimpse of the spoof that should've been .
[153]   neg neg yes ? if nikki is so obsessed with safe sex , why doesn't she have some condoms at her own apartment ? these questions are not answered by the screenplay , but are overlooked for the sole reason of moving the plot forward . a very noticeable quality of booty call is the prevalence of unnecessary foul language . some movies use a lot of swear words , but use them under very justifiable circumstances , as when they are employed consistent with a character's pattern of speech . other films , such as the recent jackie brown , use them in ways that almost parody themselves . booty call just sticks them in to get laughs , and it doesn't work . they stick out like sore thumbs because there is almost no reason to use them . half of the scenes seem to occur for no reason . the chinese restaurant , a holdup at a convenience store , and a trip to the hospital seem to have nothing to do with the story , and are in there for filler . this is surprising , considering that the film is less than eighty minutes long . it's too bad that the core of the film isn't much better , since it is comprised of sometimes funny , but forgettable dialog . i refer you to the first paragraph of this review .
[154]   neg neg yes also the familiar presence of bizarre besson humor , but none of it comes even remotely close to functioning properly . it seems terribly misplaced , but in a catastrophe as jumbled and disjointed as `the messenger' , almost everything does . the musical score by erric serra is spectacular , and the set and production designs are continuously impressive . if it was visual excellence that besson was striving for , then he achieves his goal . but the only time the dramatics come alive in `the messenger' is during the closing trial , in which jeanne is found guilty and burned at the stake . during these moments , the historical relevance and dramatic purpose of joan of arc reaches the audience , albeit in a faint stream of light that provokes little power or meaning . it's just too delayed for besson to revive his lifeless interpretation , in which he is always concerned with the wrong aspects . `the messenger : the story of joan of arc' is an unlikely and unwelcome historical addition to the hollywood shelf . anyone searching for an entertaining epic is going to be painfully slapped with an overblown and confusing film . despite my original hopefulness , milla jovovich is not going to have to worry about thanking the academy .
[155]   neg pos no  details thrown in for no identifiable purpose . all of the sudden yamamoto ( kitano ) has a girlfriend . he barely speaks to her , treats her like crap , and then sends her away . another missed opportunity , considering it is such a big deal for kitano to bring his magic to the united states , is the combination of cultures , which rely too heavily on overused stereotypes . though slow moving , brother does have good elements . the action scenes are well directed , clearly defined , and interesting to watch . some of the violence is more hinted at than shown , which produces the luscious squirm that one goes to see such films for . the actors would be more enticing if they had more to do . shirase's ( masaya kato ) loud , sarcastic coolness set against yamamoto's quietly threatening attitude is truly an entertaining combination . their moments together or apart steal the rest of the show . also to its credit , brother tackles the cause and effect of crime with realism . a life of crime is easy to get sucked into with the first reward of quick cash . sure people get rich , but they can also lose just as easily . it's a great moral , with a great cast , just not much substance to back it up .
[156]   neg neg yes will vampire hunter d rush to save her in time ? will we see blood and intestines spattering on every place imaginable ? in it ? s defense , the animation , when focusing on being original rather than recycling anime slicing , could at times be original . the talking hand was clever - and i think the inspiration for a skateboard-related logo . and that ? s the best defense i can think of . i understand that vampire hunter d is supposed to be a fave among anime fans , but i really don ? t see it . it ? s an excuse to watch blood dripping from teeth , blood exploding out of eye sockets and horses necks , and most importantly , like all violent anime , it is an excuse to see animated breasts . why ? what is the point of that ? maybe i have to understand the genre and look past the obsessive gore and mysogny . i ? m not a prude , i just don ? t think it ? s warranted . it puts itself so far out in front of the movie that everything else gets lost . is there a neccesity in seeing a 17 year old in the shower ? of course not ? it ? s done for shock . it ? s tasteless and despicable .
[157]   neg neg yes a underage girl he sees in a costume store . then he almost does the hooker's roommate . and he's almost involved in an overblown rococo orgy when an old college chum of his tips him off to a mysterious , password-protected party where everyone wears masks and " the women are incredible " ( i . e . , naked ) . this " erotic " set piece , a cult-ish bacchanal complete with chanting , incense , and lots of strategically-placed partygoers covering up the dirty , might impress the likes of hugh hefner , but it's a lot less shocking than it's intended to be . what's the big deal ? bill doesn't exactly * do * anything ( other than throw his money and credentials around ) , and alice only ever lusted in her heart . whoop-dee-doo . still , they make up at the same agonizingly slow pace--was kubrick , notorious for multiple takes , paying them at an hourly rate ? even geniuses have their bad days . " eyes wide shut " just happens to be kubrick's bad day , an unerotic , disappointing , and altogether pointless end to an otherwise memorable career .
[158]   neg neg yes at one point in the film . huh ? did i miss something ? the hard-edged , foul-mouthed grrrl is suddenly gone and replaced with a pair of batting goo-goo eyes . then again , " excess baggage " becomes so weak in so many areas that the personality transplant is not a complete surprise . a supporting cast attempts to do what they can with colorful but empty secondary roles , but the movie isn't game enough to use them all and therefore seems overcrowded . motivations keep shifting , resulting in an often confusing narrative . scant existing story background confuses matters even worse and adds to the growing list of unanswered questions . " excess baggage " has too many characters , too much plot and juggles with one arm behind its back and a remaining shaky hand . i loved silverstone's turn in " clueless " as an aloof , pampered beverly hills matchmaker inspired by jane austen's " emma . " looking back at the skill she displayed for comedy there , it's simple to justify any high expectation or enthusiasm that i had mustered for " excess baggage . " sadly , however , " excess baggage " is no " clueless . " but , on the other hand , it is clueless .
[159]   neg neg yes this little texas town is showing nosferatu in it's single screen theater ( for reference , our town has over a million people in it with nearly 150 movie screens , and we're lucky to even get kevin smith's dogma ) . the most laughable part of the movie though comes from the ill-conceived bat puppets . while the actual bat attack scenes are shot with rapid fire editing ( making the scenes nearly impossible to comprehend what's going on ) , the scenes where a bat is called upon to interact with a live actor are usually shot more low-key . therefore we the audience get loving close-ups of the most unrealistic , rubbery bat puppets ever committed to film . being able to see the puppeteer's arms would be the only things that could have made these creations worse . after all of this , if you still decide bats might be the movie for you , don't say you haven't been warned . trust me when i say that it's a lot more fun to trash than it is to sit through . i just wish that dina meyer would be cast in more roles or at least choose better films to appear in . she's definitely a talent that is going to waste in films like these .
[160]   neg pos no  unlikable husband ( chazz palminteri ) . in a comedy of errors and unexpected twists straight out of hitchcock ( as in `homage to' [read " steal from " ] ) , it turns out that someone saw them or he's not dead or maybe . . . kathy bates turns in a credible , if unspectacular , performance as an investigative police detective . her character is a bit dull but realistic , although her actions at the end are puzzling . adjani is more than satisfactory as the timid beaten spouse driven to desperation . it's stone that is a disappointment among the actors . how can she be the epitome of a femme fatale in previous films and come off as a blank in this one ? costumed in skin-tight clothes and looking down her nose at everyone , she is someone you would want to avoid because she is boring , not enticingly dangerous . even the threat ( or promise ? ) of a lesbian relationship between the conspirators is only half played out . on the positive side , there are enough unexpected plot developments to keep your interest alive . that is if you can put up with stone's cardboard cut-out character and scenes directly lifted from hitch's movies .
[161]   neg neg yes makes bail and is murdered soon thereafter . kay's distraction from the film's primary focus is her campaign for re-election and attempts to shield her 15 year old daughter from the truth about the father she put on a pedestal . these sub plots could have made for semi-interesting points , but the film seems afraid to explore politics or mother-daughter relations in depth , and consequently suffers . random hearts' two primary characters seem to live in shells . although both kay and dutch are given their own sub plots , they seem to never deal with anyone other than themselves or each other . there is plenty of opportunity , dutch having a partner and kay having close friends and her daughter , but the movie shies away from exploring these relationships . veteran actor and director of this film sydney pollack , and critically acclaimed up-and-comer dylan baker both have cameo roles , but be careful not to blink too much or you will miss them both . other than its weak plot , it is hard to criticize random hearts . however , it is also hard to compliment it . had the film taken some small risks and more fully explored its extra characters and plots it may have tasted more like a well frosted cake , rather than the dry one that equates to be .
[162]   neg neg yes to happen . . . does . the final scenes , which could have redeemed the film , are poorly handled by director bruce beresford - whose previous work centers highly around drama ( driving miss daisy , paradise road ) . ironically , it is those elements - like the driving force of libby to reunite with her son - that don't quite work here . at least double jeopardy is paced well enough to satisfy diehard fans of the two stars . unfortunately , jones lacks some of the edge that he had as sam gerard in the fugitive , and the real depth of his character is only skin deep . but he and ashley judd are more than welcome considering the material , and both have some memorable comic moments . judd , in particular , has a hilarious scene in which she wards off an oncoming male by explaining she has to check in with her `parole officer' . hmmm . . . perhaps this would have made a good comedy . it is disappointing , because there are the makings of a competent action film here . it's nicely shot and choreographed in downtown vancouver , and will entertain those who aren't turned off by the woeful story-line . ? tis a shame that double jeopardy is an adult thriller that wouldn't fool most children .
[163]   neg neg yes reveal the ludicrous ending to this turkey , but i warn you that it's both painfully obvious and a real yawner . john vernon does a remarkably good job at playing the not-so-bright baseball jock who initially gets swept away by melissa ( one of the script's faults is to try to pass off a character like this as a pre-med student ) . the same cannot be said , though , for molly ringwald . at times , she can effectively pull off the obsessed lover routine , especially during her silent , i'm-going-to-stare-you-down scenes . at other times , however , she just seems somehow goofy and out of place . in one particular scene which i guess was supposed to be suspenseful , she screeches " f--k you , you b-----d " and throws a phone . she delivers the line so ridiculously that one can't help but laugh . malicious certainly isn't the worst thriller of its kind out in the video racks ( a number of really fat turkies in this genre are out there ) , but it isn't all that good or original either . feel free to treat this film maliciously , watch something else .
[164]   neg neg yes too beautiful . do the offices of the chicago tribune really need to look heavenly ? the editing by steven weisberg is troubling not only considering all that could have been cut out but is also simply messy at times . the real offender here is screenwriter gerald di pego . working from a best- selling novel by nicholas sparks ( which i have not read but have been told is on the same literary level as the bridges of madison county ) , di pego creates one of the most uninspired scripts of recent times . its strict adherence to clich ? s brings to mind such disasters as i still know what you did last summer ( 1998 ) . there simply isn't an original scene in this film . the dialogue is rarely better than laughable and this is only accentuated by the excessively long pauses every character takes while speaking . this is director mandoki's first film since when a man loves a woman ( 1994 ) , the solid meg ryan/andy garcia romance . he's simply going through the motions with this . message in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offerings available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may come ( 1998 ) as one of the most misguided romances of the decade .
[165]   neg neg yes can be a difficult priority juggle . her frenzy is apparent . for a chick flick , there is a distressing lack of chuckles . the reliable matthau is reduced to chaotic shtick that , given his character's situation , seems more depressing than amusing . even so , the peak form of humor in `hanging up' is represented by some of matthau's nasty quips and ryan's eternal battle to have the aforementioned pooch swallow a pill . that about accounts for the three or four chuckles you will expel during the film . my curiosity has suddenly been tweaked to discover how such a promising and star-studded approach could turn so viciously sour . but really , it's no mystery . the predictable , melodramatic filth that is `hanging up' is certainly not the fault of these actresses . pin it on the screenplay , which attempts to clear up vital issues in three or four minutes , while spending the rest of the running time in an annoying flurry of phone conversations . it's certainly a far cry from what one would label as a rewarding experience , but `hanging up' should have at least been enjoyable . uh-uh . it's a wrong number from the beginning .
[166]   neg neg yes looked upon as his 90's version of videodrome , even so , it is a poor follow-up . while in most of his famed films , his penchant for gore always hit the right note with theme of the film and plot . in existenz , the gory sequences are no more attached to spirit of the film and seem to be an act of over-indulgence than anything else . jennifer jason leigh and jude law , both commendable actors , looked aloof and miss-directed throughout the entire film . the scripting and acting barely pulls the film out of the b-grade category . it was obvious that cronenberg worked on a really tight-budget and it seems that he handled that pretty well in the production design and values created for this film ( the opening sequence , though , probably formed a considerable portion of the budget ! ) which is actually quite good . existenz is too predictable and cliched in these times . 10 years ago , it would have been another classic for cronenberg . cronenberg fans however , ( those people who enjoy seeing friends getting queasy over mutilation on film ) should not give this film a miss as some form of appreciation can still be offered by you .
[167]   neg pos no  deniro plays the suspicious and not a little fascistic father as tightly wound and threatening as he can . the little judgmental expressions on his face are a show in themselves as greg digs himself deeper and deeper into his insecurities . but we do not really see much of that digging . ben stiller is an affable presence in the film but is not really stretching himself by playing the role as the nebbish to whom so many bad things happen . it is nice to see blythe danner again on the screen . but her character has a basic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to do with that . randy newman has written a playful score . in the first few seconds of the film it does something creative i have never heard a film score do before . there is a lot of source music that is popular music of the 1960s . presumably that is what the upper class listens to at least in somebody's imagination . humor is subjective and some this film has been getting some favorable comment . but this is a comedy that works only occasionally for me . i would have to rate it 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
[168]   neg neg yes skills from watching oprah . the teachers fare no better , especially in the ridiculous lines they are given . " miss shayne , please cover your bosom , " one young teacher , who has been made up to look old and ugly , says without any conviction . " this is a learning institution , not a brothel . " besides the obvious question of why this movie was ever made , there is one other question that i'd like to ask the director . why do you have a phone number start with 555 if you going to cover the rest of the number anyway ? in a cameo , pam grier plays detective vera cruz , who investigates liz's murder . as she interrogates the other people , she stares at them like they are all idiots , proving that she is the only one that gets it . i am sure that if the hard nosed detective cruz were to see this movie , she'd walk out after about 5 minutes , and you'd be well advised to do the same if you should happen to find yourself in a theater showing it . jawbreaker runs 1 : 27 . it is rated r for violence , gore , profanity and sex . i would advise everyone to avoid it , but if teenagers go they should be older and mature .
[169]   neg neg yes clich ? s might have been tolerable , but " end of days " is simply a flaccid special effects show . the cast is just as ineffective . in his early scenes , gabriel byrne attempts to invest beelzebub with some panache , but he all too soon turns into just another standard issue monster . kevin pollak comes and goes quickly , robin tunney comes off like a bargain basement winona ryder and as for arnold , well ? he's a better actor than casper van dien . that should count for something . way back in the aftermath " the exorcist " and " the omen , " supernatural swill like " end of days " might have passed muster as a b-movie . but that was then and this is now . " the x-files " and " buffy the vampire slayer " deliver real scares on a weekly basis and , if we want to see the devil , all we have to do is flip on " the 700 club " and take a gander at pat robertson's grinning maw . after enduring " end of days , " all i can say is " get thee behind me , satan . and while you're at it , get thee a better agent as well . "
[170]   neg neg yes . claire danes' character has potential , but it is buried under heaps of cliches and her performance is too restrained . she could have been a tour-de-force , but instead director scott silver puts shackles on her and simply does not allow her to do anything really significant with her role . epps and ribisi fare slightly better and do as well as can be expected , although their characters aren't nearly as rich as danes' could have been . the mod squad is a mind-numbing marketing plot of a film , and teens will jump all over it . it's full of bad dialogue , scenes and concepts that make no sense and -- get this -- drug dealers that like to tango with other guys in their spare time . nothing is remotely intriguing or worth paying for . claire danes is no longer alluring -- mainly because she's got a horrible hairdo , so that draw is out . there are , however , cool explosions , guns and chases which may lure a viewer into thinking that he or she is about to experience an exciting thriller of some sort . do not be fooled . some may call this escapist fare -- i call it escape-as-quickly-as-you-can fare .
[171]   neg neg yes wing commander " tries to do too much at once ; when it appears as though the movie's about to show signs of a pulse , it instead provides a hilarious touch of human drama culminating with a use for a bulldozer that has probably never been seen in this kind of space camp before . matthew lillard , featured prominently in said sequence , is cast as prinze's hotshot partner , and though the two are fine young actors - recently paired in the hit " she's all that " - they're fighting more than otherworldly evil here . rumor has it that " wing commander " was slated as a later-in-the-year release , bumped up to capitalize off this hot casting coup as well as the premiere of the new " star wars : episode i " trailer . but in my audience , there were no females present to make goo-goo eyes at prinze or lillard , and many a member exited after the much-ballyhooed sneak peek . since most cineplexes won't be granting refunds to the latter contingency , " commander " might rake in some dough , but be warned : the high wears off as soon as the coming attraction gives way to the feature presentation .
[172]   neg pos no  so why then does potter spend so much time on subplots involving other individuals ? the character of suzie is too present for the man who cried to work as an ensemble , but not present enough for the film to be ricci's . the almost constant lack of flow and one-note tone with which potter depicts the man who cried are somewhat improved upon by sacha vierny's beautiful cinematography that renders the film's various locations wonderfully . also worthy of note are lindy hemming's costumes that help to depict the area quite nicely . and then there's the music . from minute one to minute ninety-seven , there's hardly a moment when the wavering , skilled voice of an opera singer or the rhythms of the gypsy music don't undercut the action ; the notes stricken both overwhelm ( particularly john turturro , portraying fictional opera singer dante dominio , whose money and reputation catch lola's interest ) and accompany ( oftentimes , the perfect chords are captured to undermine the state of the film's characters and reinforce that state ) . potter obviously cares much about each and every musical note ; unfortunately , the same effort isn't given towards ( almost ) everything else .
[173]   neg neg yes of admission . it's just the rest of the movie-- the other hundred or so minutes-- that's pure nonsense . and wonderful nonsense at that . i know he didn't intend to , but de bont has done one thing right : he's created the hands-down funniest film of the year . so , now , allow to present a few more things that made me laugh : o a box with a big label : " fiber optic converter " o plain english , whole-sentence computer instructions o an entire sequence devoted to opening a fire door o jason patric's character walks onto the bridge and immediately understands everything that's happening o a ships' navigator who speaks in a scottish accent and actually gets to say " i canna override it ! " o willem dafoe's amazing arm-mounted keyboard o two living , breathing adults ( bullock's character and the first mate ) who have to be told , step by step , how to disconnect a trip wire from the pin of a hand grenade . duh o " no wait ! " screams the ship's intercom o yet another damn dog in peril o fishing reel . pontoon plane . memories of weekend at bernie's
[174]   neg neg yes scenes of the brothers bickering over what to do with their inheritance and endless action sequences as the two take on their increasingly determined furry foe . whatever promise the film starts with soon deteriorates into boring dialogue , terrible overacting , and increasingly uninspired slapstick that becomes all sound and fury , signifying nothing . the script becomes so unspeakably bad that the best line poor lee evens can utter after another run in with the rodent is : " i hate that mouse " . oh cringe ! this is home alone all over again , and ten times worse . one touching scene early on is worth mentioning . we follow the mouse through a maze of walls and pipes until he arrives at his makeshift abode somewhere in a wall . he jumps into a tiny bed , pulls up a makeshift sheet and snuggles up to sleep , seemingly happy and just wanting to be left alone . it's a magical little moment in an otherwise soulless film . a message to speilberg : if you want dreamworks to be associated with some kind of artistic credibility , then either give all concerned in mouse hunt a swift kick up the arse or hire yourself some decent writers and directors . this kind of rubbish will just not do at all .
[175]   neg neg yes of will as a b-actress ) . the visuals are much weaker in part three , as well-the occasional sweeping gesture of peter deming's camera is a pale imitation of the stalking steadicam craven gave us twice before . ( aside : in the wake of columbine , craven toned down the violence significantly for scream 3-why the sanctimony , when scream and scream 2 are still readily available on video store shelves ? ) finally , marco beltrami's music cues the suspense too blatantly-do you recall the tense chase at the college radio station in scream 2 ? it's mostly silent . sting notes are a whole lot more effective if they spring from nowhere ; here , they act as the crescendos of an incessantly nerve-jangling score . i look at scream 3 as coming from an alternative universe , the same place that birthed the godfather part iii and superman iii-woefully out of synch with its prequels , scream 3 is a nightmare instead of nightmarish , and will likely put the horror genre back in mothballs . the film unintentionally follows the unspoken rule of a trilogy to a t : ? part three must disappoint' .
[176]   neg neg yes cokehead trying to solve a rubick's cube . ricci and gaby hoffman grate as two ronkonkoma gals ( the kind that have trouble pronouncing hard consonants ) out to have a high time in the big city . infamously acerbic comedienne janeane garofalo is wasted in what amounts to a several-scene cameo . hudson , as a pretty-in-pink klutz recently devirginized by a reprehensible ladies' man ( jay mohr ) , trips , pukes and gets smeared with dog poop . are we laughing yet ? the film boils down to a mixture of the good , the bad and the gaudy , with the latter two overtaking the former . game performances - especially by love , rudd and plimpton - are almost shot down by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus , here a combination that mostly sputters when it should crackle . too many sidetracks rate as uninteresting and have little payoff until a lengthy final montage where we find out many of the performers served as one night stands for each other . if this is " 200 cigarettes , " then get me 200 nicotine patches .
[177]   neg neg yes of the new james wong film , final destination , is that alex browning , the protagonist , prevents six of his friends from boarding a doomed airplane , thereby cheating fate . however , fate is not so easily bested , and alex's friends soon begin dying in unusual circumstances . essentially , this premise is a clever-way to make a slasher-flick without the slasher . unfortunately , this is practically the only clever thing about the film . as far as teen horror flicks go , final destination is better than many . there is enough shocking death , graphic gore , and requisite black humor to provide the essential " roller coaster " type thrill at the heart of the average horror flick . unfortunately , this film also suffers from the worst characteristics of this genre . the relationships between the main characters are tenuous and their motivations are meaningless except as excuse to set-up the next death . the scene where two of the characters break into a funeral home to view the body of their recently killed friend is suppose to be scary and dramatic but features some of the dumbest dialogue i have witnessed . if you are looking for a saturday night thriller to scare your date , this film might do the trick . other than that , wait until it goes into heavy-rotation on cable .
[178]   neg neg yes i think another character asks him how he's going to pay for it , in addition to a little bit of meaningless blather about hmos and medical insurance ) , but they certainly don't explore or challenge patch's ideas to any meaningful extent . reader , please understand this : i am not making any kind of judgment on the real patch adams . i know nothing about him . if his beliefs mirror those of this film character , then i might like to have an intelligent discussion with him about them . but regardless of what the real patch adams believes , the themes put forth in this film are simplistic and phony . and in the last scene , the big , obligatory courtroom scene that forced my lunch halfway up my esophagus , patch does a lot of shouting . actually , robin williams does a lot of shouting . he shouts a lot about helping people , and a lot of people cry because they are moved by his words . i won't tell you that you can't be moved by his words , because i , too , was moved by his words . i was moved in such a profoundly negative way that i was reminded of how cheap and phony a cinematic experience can be . patch adams is the cheapest of them all .
[179]   neg neg yes nba arenas . and those are the real jokes in eddie . nothing these individuals say or do is funny ; you are supposed to be laughing simply because you notice , " hey , it's donald trump ! " or " hey , it's mujibur and sirajul ! " it's difficult to decide whether eddie is so bad because it was so shamelessly lacking in imagination or because it can't even get the cliches in a cliche-ridden genre script right . the knicks coach who is eddie's antagonist early in the film reappears at the end , but he isn't given a chance to be the villain eddie desperately needs . neither is frank langella , and none of the athlete-actors have the ability to give whoopi goldberg anything to play off of . that leaves her to do her street-wise miss thang routine , but with no character , no sharp lines and no help . eddie isn't just a bad movie with a formulaic premise . it's a movie that makes you feel cheated and offended , because someone came up with a poster and a marketing plan to which they had to attach an actual movie , and you had the nerve to believe it was going to be a comedy .
[180]   neg neg yes t really put my finger on it . to say that starbucks and barnes & noble are taking over their respective markets and kicking out the small business owner is no big news . is that bad for the world ? probably . not much room for social commentary there . we all know that inter-office politics are just that . . . politics . so what was the point of all this ? the film seems desperate to make a point , or a number of points , but i couldn ? t figure out what they were . all i saw was a very bizarre social satire that was woven with strange film techniques , a bleak visual design and some fine acting . ( pitt , carter , norton . . . all of them are good . even meatloaf is good . ) when you get to the end , you will most likely be filled with questions , many of which the filmmakers wanted you to ask of yourself . not them , because each of them would likely give you a different answer . fight club means what you want it to mean , i think fincher just gives you the stuff to think about . but it couldn ? t be more bizarre and unappealing . sure , it had shock value , but so did se7en and the game , and they were significantly stronger films .
[181]   neg neg yes that he wont make batman brooding and dark . fine , i mean granted 'batman returns' while being an awsome film was a bit to dark sometimes . yet his bright neon , campy style is just killing anything this series meant to me . i'm usually very easy on films . i loved 'con air' and other films some critics have slammed . granted that film really was paper thin , cliche ridden , except for one thing , it was fun . there is virtually no fun in this film at all . i couldn't have cared less . it'll thrill the little ones as theres no violence really , none everyone comes out fine in the end like those old tv shows where it ends with everyone laughing . schwarzenegger is awful , i mean really , really bad . . . and this is coming from a regular fan of his work . i love his movies most of the time and the basic reason is he never says much in any of them . he talks all to often in this movie . i would have much prefered to have seen patric stewart in the roll . i believe to truely like a film you have to care about at least someone in a film . i liked alfred but the reason behind it is a cheap shot .
[182]   neg neg yes into jumping on the bandwagon of the latest trend ) come across as feeble and derivative . the acting in underwhelming . dreyfuss has definitely not given his " all " to the role of james krippendorf . alongside him , jenna elfman , the spunky co-star of tv's dharma and greg , radiates perkiness and little else . this quality , while fine for a 22-minute television program , quickly becomes irritating in the arena of a feature-length movie . no one in the supporting cast -- lily tomlin , david ogden stiers , natasha lyonne ( woody allen's daughter in everyone says i love you ) -- excels . i know that a movie's in trouble when it's half the length of titanic , but seems much longer . most of what comes on screen is generic sit-com level material -- the kind of slop that people will absorb while dozing off in their favorite easy chair in front of the television set . if there's any upside , it's that i don't see much box-office support developing for this lame , ill-marketed miscue . krippendorf's tribe will quickly become extinct .
[183]   neg neg yes i couldn't stand any of those characters . whether it was william getting drunk and signing along to heavy metal songs or kenny proclaiming " yo , i gotta have sex tonight ! " , all i could think of was how elfont and kaplan possibly managed to con columbia pictures out of ten million dollars to fund their film . apparently , can't hardly wait is supposed to be a comedy , but it tends to fail in this respect because of the fact that it's not funny . in all honesty , elfont and kaplan should be forced by their employers to attend remedial classes in humour . and when i say " forced " , i mean it . they should be strapped down to a chair and have their eyes wedged open in a similar fashion to alex in a clockwork orange . this is how desperately they need to be educated about the concept of humour . for instance , can't hardly wait features a foreign exchange student who is instructed to repeat absurd statements such as " i am a sex machine . " for some reason , elfont and kaplan believe that if this character repeats it enough , eventually it will be funny . if only elfont and kaplan could recognise the irony that they actually got paid for making this junk - now that's funny .
[184]   neg neg yes silly goose . nicky katt was brilliant in a brief role in the limey , here his role is just as brief only he seems wasted ; he's only kept around for his cold presence . taye diggs has a similar function , cool as ever , but never a character , though the guy has one helluva death scene . for the most part way is incessantly talky with no reason to give a hippo's ass about any thing that transpires since its characters are never more than simplistic pawns . it's vaguely tarantino-ish , but in a bad truth and consequences nm way , with phillippe , in one scene , leaping into a stupid rant about " faggots " migrating to los angeles . you know the routine . the final shoot out is pure bargain basement john woo ( who himself seems to be doing bargain basement john woo ) with interchangeable bad guys lining up to be shot at . but those gun shots sure crack like thunder . just the other day i was watching an old dirty harry movie on cable and was stunned to hear the weak elephant grunt-like sound that emanated from harry's fetishized smith and wesson . oh how far we've come .
[185]   neg neg yes row . the first being the peacemaker , a witless post-cold war george clooney vehicle , and deep impact , one of the two films of 1998 to squander the premise of earth's possible demise by a crazed meteorite . the first flick was sunk by an over reliance on clich ? s , and a complete absence of any kind of emotional involvement , not aided by an ending which actually centered around the diffusing of a ticking time bomb complete with digital read out ( apparently present for an invisible audience ) . deep impact has more in common with pay it forward ; it's a movie that treats earth's impending destruction in awfully simplistic terms , completely ignoring the havoc that would so obviously take place if the world believed its planet would be a goner within days . the film was full of inspirational speeches where people really said nothing , though the sappy score swelled up to make it appear as if they were being profoundly touching . in pay it forward leder continues in this vein with her intermittent dollops of cynicism seeming almost like a rebuttal : " see my movie isn't as na ? ve as you might think " she seems to be saying . no , it's just horribly confused .
[186]   neg pos no  . so that adds up to about 30 seconds of entertainment and still about one hour , 59 minutes , and 30 seconds of miserable torture . i'm totally confused as to the way that some people are really enjoying this movie . but i do admit it . so , if you're willing to possibly put yourself through torture , go ahead and see it , and decide for yourself if you love it or hate it . i don't know how anyone or any * thing * could love this movie , but hey , to each his own . feel free to give it a shot . of course , in the interest of saving your souls , i don't recommend it . but guess what ? alien resurrection comes out november 26th , and , having already seen some of it and having read the script , i assure you that it will blow pretty much everyone away . though opinion on starship troopers is reasonably split , it'll be difficult to find someone that * won't * like alien resurrection when they've seen it . this is possibly the year's best intense action film , or at least * one * of the best . if you really want to see alien warfare that's played out intelligently and seriously , see alien resurrection . please , avoid this .
[187]   neg neg yes , glenn is such a lowly rat of a man that you never see what julia saw in him . barrymore , on the other hand , is simply charming as julia . which leaves us with adam sandler . he's at his best in the film when his nice guy persona fades a little ( such as when he has a breakdown on stage during a wedding reception ) . when he's in full nice-guy mode , he's more pathetic than endearing . the film boasts several cameos ( most notably by steve buscemi and jon lovitz ) . but none of them work well at all . buscemi's role as a drunken best man simply fails to be humorous . lovitz , on the other hand , as a rival wedding singer , makes you long for his good old days on saturday night live , where he was actually funny . the only cameo which has some appeal is a guest appearance by a classic 80s rocker during the film's finale ( surprisingly , one of the only plot-related scenes which actually works . ) adam sandler still has some work to do before he can become a dependable leading man . while he attempts to change his image in the wedding singer , the end result is no net gain .
[188]   neg neg yes any moment , and are hopelessly lost , heather still insists on filming it all . the film gives a half hearted reason why she should want to do this , but it isn't very convincing . also , the students have no idea how to survive in the woods , such as following a large river flowing through the woods to civilisation . there are also some parts where the 'amateur' camcorder footage is obviously staged , heather's apology being a major one . the blair witch project , in the end , just fails to deliver . i suppose if you've been lost camping before , the film may deliver some chills , but this is no use for the other 99% of the paying audience who haven't been lost in the woods . apart from the final minutes , the film is mind boggingly unscary , and the shouting matches get hideously dull . the spook scenes are short and far between , and any other horror movie could probably achieve the same amount of fear that these scenes provide . although a good idea , it's not executed well enough to be a fun , scary cinema experience . it's a worrying fact when the website ( http : //www . blairwitch . com ) is better than the film .
[189]   neg pos no  the story was better in book form . the movie version has got characters which come and go with little or nothing to do except fill up space , or provide bits of information which seem to neither mean anything in terms of advancing the story nor reveal any significance once the whole story is finished . every time we're presented with some new aspect to the case , west gives us more of that flash by playing it up like it's the most momentous discovery ever , but the information is not used by the investigators at all . instead , when conclusions are drawn , they are such tremendous leaps of faith that you wonder if successful investigations are not based on facts , but lucky guesses instead . the army should have saved time by bringing in brennan and sunhill , letting them play a game of twenty questions with the suspects , then letting them guess who the killer was . would've been over in a half hour . the film finishes with a sort of bookend , featuring the same style and southern scenery as the very beginning . literally during the closing credits , we get to see brennan get in his car and drive off , then we get to see sunhill get in her car and drive off . they both seem kind of happy . maybe they were driving away from simon west .
[190]   neg neg yes certainly not without it's merits . the acting is very good from the majority of the experienced cast . the performances range from commanding ( travolta ) to electric ( woods ) to stiff-as-a-board ( cromwell , who doesn't show off his real talents here ) . madeleine stowe manages to hold her own for a while , but as the female lead in an action-thriller , she doesn't pull through sufficiently . one of the problems with the execution is that it's very predictable . >from minute one , i had few doubts about the identity of the killer in question . the script even unwillingly points him out for us , using familiar techniques to hide his guilt until the unmasking toward the end . in all fairness , we've seen many of the devices used in the general's daughter put to greater effect in other films . the secrets behind the girl's mysterious death are explained gradually , but by the resolution we have tunneled through so much malarkey that it feels unnecessary and surprisingly silly . the general's daughter is not a terrible movie , and it is involving enough to sustain a viewer's attention span for a certain period of time . but it just could have been so much better .
[191]   neg pos no  a movie where every joke that is executed as it is set up , where you see every punchline coming , where every spot profanity could be used and then is used . at least the film is honest , and makes no mistake that it is anything more than idiotic . but at least it isn't dull , and it isn't predictable . and that's the way it should be . it's sketch comedy , and if you're a fan of norm macdonald , you'll love it . the jokes are crude , the characters are mean to the core , the attitude of the movie is that it just doesn't care . if you don't like norm macdonald , or stupid movies , then you probably won't like this one . the jokes are crude , the characters are mean to the core , the attitude of the movie is that it just doesn't care . so before seeing this one , tune your mindset , and prepare for a slew of norm macdonald humor , gay animal sex , prison rape jokes , uncaring characters , and one last performance from chris farley . the critic in me says ( * ) but i give it an 8 ( * * * ) . i just couldn't stop laughing .
[192]   neg pos no  resembling comic genius . this movie tries to carry the day with sight gags about drinking distilled feces , a five-hundred-pound fat man's butt crack , and a barrage of sex jokes aimed at the level of the average 15 year old . after some of these scenes , one has to wonder how gross the next generation of films will have to go to get an audiences attention . the direction also helps the film achieve a new low point in cinematic humor . for the most part , i felt as if i was watching a saturday morning chalderns live action tv show . there is no sense of comic timing or subtlety . the director just throws the material at us , giving us nothing except the hope that anyone with a camera could be a film director . i am sure the film will have appeal to many of the under 22 crowd , at least the one's who have yet to discover literacy . certainly the movie is directed towards the generation that prefers everything described as 'in your face , kick you in the teeth , take no prisoners , ( action-verb +blah blah blah ) . ' if you see the film and you find you're not laughing , there is nothing wrong with you . it just means you grew up since seventh grade .
[193]   neg neg yes and sounds just like him while giving a subdued , almost nostalgic performance , when needed . it reminds you of his saturday night live character linda richmond on " coffee talk " sans dress and wig . the supporting cast of salma hayek , breckin meyer , and neve cambell are their only there to give added subplots which are introduced but lead absolutely nowhere . the romance between phillippe and cambell , as a soap opera star , is completely implausable . the two share about half as much screen time as there are shots of the eighty year old hooked on amphetimenes . hayek's wanna-be singer seems extremely forced and her husband , greg ( meyer ) stands in as shane o'shae's surrogate best friend . the subplots seemed forced and seem like they have been added just to make sure the film was over an hour and a half long . overall , " 54 " tried to give a view of the brashness of the place where crack flowed like heroin which flowed like wine . the film never leads to anything , has no obserable point , and covers up a lack of real plot with a veil of beautiful people . in truth , that reminded me of the eighies .
[194]   neg neg yes the silence of the lambs . and then there's the whole tarzan thing , which is more than a little bit obvious through the entire film . perhaps what irritates me most about instinct is the half-hearted attempt at philosophical depth . the message powell brings back from the wild is not a subtle one : he thinks that humans are " takers , " that they expand and kill and that we should all just live like gorillas . i can sympathize with that , but only when it's in a compelling film . this is the kind of stupid movie -- just like patch adams -- in which a big group of characters ( psychotic inmates , in this case ) rise against the evil forces oppressing them by tearing up playing cards . what does any of this have to do with a man who has just spent two years of his life with gorillas ? if all the subplots of instinct had been left on the cutting room floor , we would have had a thirty-minute movie far superior to the two-hour one that i watched today . if the central idea had been developed beyond the old man tarzan premise , then we would really have had something interesting -- a movie that doesn't rely on the strength of its actors .
[195]   neg neg yes majestic gait at the same exact moment as joe , and the computer effects driving him , stutter to a halt . also , if the film's producers had wanted us to focus our attentions on the titular ape they shouldn't have paraded female lead charlize theron ( " trial & error " ) around in a seemingly-endless wardrobe of spaghetti-strapped tops . even joe seems distracted at times . the film piles on the clich ? s like there's no tomorrow , including the predictable plot ( anthro-zoologists ship gigantic gorilla to l . a . where urban havoc is inevitably wrought ) , predictable villain ( a lithuanian i think i overheard someplace ) , predictable love story ( bill and charlize--surprise ! ) , and predictable denouement ( " 'twas box-office receipts that killed the beast " ) . kids raised on " men in black " ( non-monkey effects also by baker ) are going to find ron ( " tremors " ) underwood's outing a little lame by comparison . while certainly better than 1978's " king kong lives " ( itself a lousy sequel to a not particularly good remake ) , " mighty joe young " proves how the mighty keep falling .
[196]   neg neg yes seem to flow well with the rest of the story . some of them , for example , come from so far afield that they seemingly only make sense because the writer needed a twist ( for example : harry's spontaneous job offer , or the whole typewriter situation ) . the characters are mostly lifeless , played to type , but not much more . woody harrelson plays harry with such imbecilic thick-headedness that it's hard to even picture him as an ex-journalist . elisabeth shue vamps it up , but doesn't add anything special to the role . chloe sevigny gives a terrible performance , trying to be a sexy 17-year old , but she just leaves a bad taste in your mouth . some of the supporting cast ( notably gina gershon and michael rapaport ) give stronger , but , in the end , meaningless performances . and to top it off , the pacing of the film is much too slow . as the movie grinds to a halt , you're given too much time to wonder why you're wasting it watching palmetto . if you're in the mood for this type of movie , you'd be much better off going out and renting some classic film noir .
[197]   neg neg yes lower classes , who don't trust the traps ( police ) . spoiler to follow in the next paragraph . in the climax , kelly and his gang plan to ambush a train with british police , but someone kelly trusted tips the police on the train and kelly is trapped in a saloon and captured . ned's brothers commit suicide rather than be taken alive . but kelly's gang escapes , as ned heroically has the police go after only him and his brothers , as they become decoys . this was a flat presentation , hardly touching an emotional button on what all the fuss was about over ned kelly's call for justice . jagger didn't have a prayer in succeeding in this dry script offered by ian jones and tony richardson . the story failed to focus on australia , seemingly a more british film than australian . under richardson's lackluster direction , all jagger seemed to do , was proclaim his innocence and vow revenge , which soon became a shrill cry . if you want to see a better film about ned kelly , catch " mad dog morgan " ( 76 ) , a much truer and more daring version , with dennis hopper giving a much better characterization of ned kelly's madness , something this film could only do in a ho-hum manner .
[198]   neg neg yes everyone else laughing . grinding doesn't begin to describe . it pounds on your head so forcefully and so unstoppably that , if you are a normal person , you leave feeling sick . when it's not trying to be funny , it's trying to be melodramatic--but it's just annoying , stupid and sappy . at best . this movie is intended to make people laugh , yes , not to be voted best picture of all time by sight and sound . but , it fails on every possible level . it fails to be funny . it fails to be insightful . it fails to be suspensful . it fails to be fun . they should pay people to see it . it suceeds on one level--it makes me want to get down on the ground and start thanking orson welles , for having lived . if you go in with the intention of coming out alive , please make sure that you are overly fond of boob , fart , pimple and fat jokes--otherwise you will go insane . yes , literally insane . stark , raving mad . it is boring , stupid , melodramatic and in the end ugly . i reccemond it strongly . to ed wood .
[199]   neg pos no  inspector charged with catching the man who is murdering prostitutes all over the city . jennifer connelly , playing sewell's love interest , is given two all-too-brief moments on screen as a lounge singer -- and turns in the sexiest performace this side of jessica rabbit . but instead of the dogged policeman and the femme fatale given central treatment in the script ( the way they would be in any self-respecting noir movie ) they're almost tangiential to the plot , such as it is . the problem with dark city is this : it's a bad science fiction movie pretending to be film noir . the essence of film noir isn't , as proyas seems to beleive , breathy dialogue or snap-brim fedoras or tall , bald evil villains who would make peter lorre curl up in a corner . dark city has not one bit of intrigue , moral ambiguity , suspense , or anything else that keeps us coming back to the noir classics . dark city is like the intricately carved door that kate winslet floats on in titanic . it's an exceptionlly well-made and intricately designed piece of flotsam , sailing around and around the middle of the ocean , going nowhere .